This is the newest location of Panda Express in the Reno area, and I've noticed they still seem to have a couple problems in terms of having the right staffing to support the amount of customers they serve at any given time. 

For example, I was in once at peak lunch time on a weekday where it seems the whole neighborhood was on their lunch break. The line reached the door and started to bend itself around to accommodate even more people piling in, and then only had one cook, and one employee working the line! I couldn't believe how long it took as we all stood in line. Several people in front of me and behind me left to try their luck elsewhere, and others were stressing about how they only had limited time for their lunch before they had to be back at work. I'm not exaggerating, this was easily the longest I've ever waited for any "fast food." It was awful. Its not that the employees weren't trying to go fast, its just that there was only one poor girl to handle everyone! One at a time! The cook jumped in several times to help out as well, everyone was very stressed. 

But then another day I went in again at a not so busy time, and was served very quickly. I noticed more employees than necessary, and while my food was hot I could tell that it had been sitting under the heat lamps for quite some time. The rice especially was hard. So they had too much food out for too long of a time in comparison to the amount of demand there was for it. 

I'm still giving this location an OK rating, because there have been a couple more times where everything was just fine. I guess its a place you have to try your luck at... hopefully not on your lunch break though! 

Honestly I think they are having to do a lot of trial and error, because it is a new location and they are still figuring out their peak times and days I suppose. It'll get better I think. 

As for Panda Express in general, it is good (very Americanized) Chinese food, fast. It is ready and waiting like a buffet style, but you don't serve yourself. It is pretty good for being categorized as "fast food." Better than a McDonald's meal. And a good portion for under $8 (depending on what you order I suppose). But don't go here expecting the best Chinese meal of your life, or even close to it. It is definitely fast food.