Sprouts is my go to place for fruit and veggies, and organic boxed or canned goods that I can't get at Trader Jose's. I also bought items from their butcher, like chicken cordon blue, and stuffed burgers. But I had experiences last year that turned me off.
I had,on a couple of occasions, purchased ready to cook meat items and got them home for dinner only to find them to be smelly and slimy like they had been prepared with old meat. I don't often buy prepared meat items, mostly when I'm too tired to cook for my family or when I need a nice prepared dinner right away. So, I was pretty disappointed each time.
The final incident was this last Christmas, 2017. I had decided to make 2 porketta for our Christmas family dinner. I ordered the pork roasts and picked them up the day before and put them in the fridge to use the next day. On Christmas morning I unwrapped them and almost fell over from the stench. They were rotten, not so much the meat, but the bone that ran along the roast was green with decay and had contaminated everything.   I sat down and cried. The next day, I returned the meat to Sprouts. The butcher there opened up and smelled the meat and said he couldn't smell anything wrong with it!! I asked for the manager up front at the check-stands and was told that the meat manager was different than the store manager. I waited for the meat manager to show up and watched as he spoke quietly to the butcher. When he finally turned to me, he was sarcastic and told me that it smelled fine to him too, but if I insisted he would give me a refund. Did I have the receipt? I had thrown it away when I brought home the groceries, so no I didn't. He got very sarcastic then and I got too upset to speak to him and left the store without a refund and certainly without an apology. Later I realized that the white wrapping was still on the meat and had their markings, including the pickup date, all over it, if they were going to dispute my not having the receipt. I was really so sick of all of it  -ruined Christmas dinner, really rotten meat, and their bad attitudes, that I was not going back there again. Of course my husband wanted to go in and rip them a new one, but I said to let it go. This year I gradually got back to shopping at Sprouts, but it's going to be a long time before I try their butcher department again.