Being from New York, admittedly it is difficult for me to really agree when delicatessens boast the "New York Style" moniker.   Most of the time, the effort is greater than the product.  As far as Kaufman's is concerned, I will say that two things do remind me most of New York delis:  the matzoh ball soup, and the attitude.

The soup is truly a sight to behold.  First, it's huge.  For nearly $13.00, it really has to be.  When you get the soup to go, you actually get two quart-size containers:  one for the broth, chicken, veggies, and pasta, and one for the matzoh balls.     The matzoh ball itself is just the right combination of fluffy and dense:  light around the edges and harder in the middle.  The chicken and broth are also perfectly prepared.  I personally appreciate the pasta (bow ties), but that is definitely unusual as far as authentic matzoh ball soup is concerned.    The only change I would make would be to add a little more carrots.   

What has not been so great is that every time I go to Kaufman's, whomever is behind the counter (the owner?) seems like he is bothered or annoyed.  A smile goes a long way with customers.  Just last week, I came during lunch hour and there was hardly anyone there.  The man behind the counter took my order and then mentioned that the credit card machine wasn't working.  I didn't have cash on me so I told him I would come back after a trip to the ATM.  He shrugged his shoulders.   When I returned 5 minutes later, he acted like he never saw me before.  Then an elderly woman came in and asked about the dessert selection (there were hardly any cakes or desserts on display) and he gruffly told her that they were waiting for the bakery.   That struck me as odd since there were many signs around the deli indicating that their cakes and desserts were made in-house.

I do enjoy the food - especially the aforementioned soup - immensely, but I think I would be  likely to go to Kaufman's more often if I felt that it was a friendly establishment.   Something just doesn't feel right.