If you have ever strolled down State Street in Santa Barbara, then you are aware that it is the home of a plethora of both local and chain restaurants and cafes. It can be overwhelming to choose the "right" one for your eating/drinking/socializing needs. La Arcada is one of the many options to choose from. How does it stack up?

La Arcada is a cute bistro located on a corner real estate offering indoor and outdoor seating in an Irish meets Spanish- ambiance (which makes sense as the owner is Irish while his wife is Mexican). During the early afternoon, it is calm and inviting but apparently can get rowdy on weekends when there is live Irish music reverberating the air. Think: Irish bar meets cafe with rustic wood trim but stuccoed walls. 

Although La Arcada didn't have too many customers at the time of our patronage (between 2 and 3pm); I didn't feel quite that welcome. It isn't that the server and staff were rude per se; they just weren't that inviting. Not to mention: slow. Very, very slow. Despite this, we browsed the menu having not yet eaten lunch seeking some light fare. My boyfriend and I decided to share plates and went with the House Salad (Grilled chicken, fire-roasted red peppers, red onion, blue cheese, toasted pine nuts,red delicious apples and mixed greens tossed with balsamic vinaigrette-- $16.00) and the Irish Soda Bread (with Kerry Gold butter and Dubliner Cheese -- $6.00). Due to it being Happy Hour, we also shared a Bellini ($5.00). 

The key to La Arcada is presentation. The salad and bread arrived at the same time and had an elegant but approachable feel. The salad was absolutely delicious with just the right amount of vinaigrette, tender chicken, and veggies. Although it was enough for my boyfriend and I to share; I still think it was much overpriced though for the quantity. Not necessarily satisfying if you are very hungry. The Irish Soda bread was a good deal with plenty of bread and large slices of cheese. I found the bread to be a little dry (and I love Irish Soda bread so I've had it plenty of times). It wasn't awful but I wasn't blown away. The Bellini was a highlight though. It was tasty and strong which is great being that it was a happy hour price and sometimes restaurants water down drinks during those times. 

A minor note but still worth mentioning is that the bathroom is a single-stall meaning that you have to wait quite a long time if someone is inside. Plus, it is an awkward back of the house area next to run down soda machines. Not good if you really have to use the bathroom!

There honestly isn't much more to be said about La Arcada. The experience wasn't bad but also not memorable on the positive side; making it simply an okay medium-choice on State Street but not life-changing. If nothing else though, the outdoor seating is quaint with great views of State Street. I would say this is a hit or miss option in lovely Santa Barbara.