My son has been playing basketball for about 5-6 years now, so best choice has been a frequently visited place in my life. This Fieldhouse consists of 6 basketball courts differentiated by colors of the bleachers (blue, green, red, purple, orange, and yellow). They charge an entrance fee for guests to watch games and recently increased it by $1 due to having police officers on duty. $6 a person for admission is quite hefty. There is an admission desk right when you walk in which they only take cash, if you have card then you can pay at the concession stand. During the pandemic, they do require guests to wear masks and have a sign on the door requiring masks. Players are not required to wear them. The bleachers have spots marked by tape with an "x" to enforce social distancing. I have noticed right where you enter, hand sanitizer is on the counter. The concession stand is open. Selection includes drinks (fountain and bottle), pizza, hot dog, nachos and cheese, pretzel and cheese, candy, and bags of chips. The prices in concession are decent. The facility has a restroom, vending machines, and crane games. 

The game usually lasts about an hour and each game normally has 2 referees, sometimes 3. Some of the refs are sketchy and can make for an unpleasant game. 2 volunteers are needed to work the table, 1 to keep track of the book and the other to work the shot clock. I have worked each many times, and I feel if you volunteer then admission should be free since I'm not just a spectator anymore. 

Location of Best Choice is not the best for me, but not the worst. I don't live in Fishers so it's always a drive to get there but it's not deep in Fishers and it's right off the highway. They do have a parking lot out front which has many spots, but can get very busy and crowded at times during tournament times especially. Volleyball is another sport played at this facility. 

Over the years not many changes have occurred other than the prices changing. The facility and courts look maintained, but the restrooms could use some renewing and refreshing. It would be nice if the desk by the entrance would obtain a card reader to accommodate cards too.