5 stars for food + 1 star for service = 3 star average

My husband and I are Chipotle lovers, but since moving to Bellevue, Blue Coast has become our go-to because of driving convenience. There are certain flavors from Chipotle that I miss, but Blue Coast's ingredients are just as good and fresh, and I would argue that their chicken is even better quality than Chipotle's. 

I love that they have a salsa bar, and they also offer fresh Popsicles for dessert. I haven't tried one yet, but I definitely want to. Another plus is that they offer their queso and guacamole in 3 different sizes. I get the quesadilla with tinga chicken, queso and black beans, and it is so good!! My husband gets the chicken burrito with the spinach tortilla. Oh, another plus, they offer 4 different kinds of tortillas. 

So, onto the service. A bunch of teenagers work the line and while they're not rude or purposefully unhelpful they just seem completely not there mentally. I just want to shake their shoulders. The first time I walked in here they all looked up at me, dumbfounded, like they'd never seen a customer before. It took forever for them to make my food and they asked me to repeat my order several times. At the register I noticed a brochure that said, "Want a simpler way to order?" (Or something like that...). As a matter of fact, yes, I do! 

So, the second time I went, I ordered online before I went. I received an email confirmation saying it would be ready in 20 minutes, but I went ahead and left, and I was there in 10 minutes. The girl handed me a bag with 2 burritos. I told her it must be someone else's order because I had a burrito and a quesadilla. I had to show my order confirmation to her on my phone. The guy who made it was like, "uhhhhh...ohhhh.....[scratches head with mouth agape] I thought it was 2 burritos." So he made the quesadilla and we got a free burrito. There's the silver lining!

Love their food, and we'll continue to go for taste and convenience, but the employees need some more training in professionalism. 

Wow... Just reread my last sentence. Maybe I'm the douche for expecting 16 year olds at a burrito joint to act like they're in the corporate world. Lol. Anyways, go get yourself a delicious burrito here!