I've been here twice since it opened, once for a normal week-night get together to watch a flyers game, and once on a very busy Saturday night to watch the Ronda rousey fight. The food/drink/atmosphere was virtually the same on both visits. It's a typical sports bar, lots of tvs so visibility is good for the games. Beer selection is good and reasonably priced, food was actually really good. 

What kept this place from a 5 start review was the service. First time, we had a great waitress named Natalie. Bright, energetic, friendly, prompt. Really made us feel appreciated, which is how girls in these places rely on making their money (even though our group was one male and two female friends). Loved her, and asked to be seated with her on our second visit (same group of friends) but she wasn't working. Instead we got Francesca...

Now this girl was very pretty and probably gets plenty of good business from her male customers that are appreciative of this. But when she saw that two of our party were women. ..it was like she just checked out. Like she figured she wouldn't be able to woo us with her looks and skimpy outfit to get better tips and decided not to try. She sat down with the guys at the table next to us for a chat several times, while virtually ignoring us all night. And we were there for a few hours of UFC fights, eating and drinking the whole time, it's not like our bill was small. When the fights ended and people started to leave, she DISAPPEARED. I'm talking the entire section of tables was vacated for a good 15 or 20 minutes, while we hadn't seen her for our check at all. We weren't still eating or drinking, it was obvious we were ready to go; she'd taken care of all her other tables and then vanished. I've never been so close to skipping out on a check in my life. I'm getting out of my chair to leave when Francesca shows back up, looking bored and unapologetic, and says "oh sorry I was helping other tables". WHAT other tables, she'd cleared them out ages ago ands left us! I called her out on it kind of passively, and she didn't even seem to care. 

So yea, if you find a girl you like here, try to stick with her, or just sit at the bar where you can't get forgotten. Maybe if I was a guy I'd have had a different experience here, but female-bodied guests be prepared to get ignored.

*** so I just checked out all the other reviews and wasn't entirely surprised to see that while most men had had a great experience here, most women that visited and reviewed had experiences like mine. Pay attention, Tilted Kilt: your girls are really messing up by ignoring your female guests ***