Came here on a Saturday night for  large birthday party, probably 20 people. Initially, we waited a few minutes by the empty host desk. When the host came around, I inquired about the party. He pointed towards the back of the restaurant  and made a face as though we should have walked around ourselves to find the party instead of bothering him. He made no attempt to walk us in. Very strange indeed.
The restaurant was very cute. It had a decor of a french bistro. With french signage and comfy wooden furniture. It had a clean look to it. The bathroom however, had a completely different look. Not clean at all. In fact it looked like it hasn't been cleaned in a while. I had to open a cabinet to find some toilet paper myself. 
Food was very good. The host elected a pre-set menu. I am not sure how it was worked out but we did not order anything. We had three appetizers that included a cheese plate and a charcuterie plate as well as some marinated cauliflower. The were four entrees brought out one at a time. First one was a platter of lamb chops with an amazing tasting relish. The chops had really good flavor but they were extremely rare. I was ok with this, but it would not be my choice. Since this was served family style, I did notice some people were not ok with the rareness. We had steak with duck fat fries. Steak again, although very tasty, was extremely rare. Fries were somewhat disappointing. Not very crispy and slightly cold. The fish was my favorite. I believe it was seabass. Very nicely caramelized on top and cooked to perfection. There was a roasted chicken dish that was also extremely yummy. Overall the food was very good but there was very little of it. We had just one platter of lamb chops for the group of 6 people that were sitting close together and one of the each entrees. 
The service was not that great. At one point I ordered a drink and waited exactly 25 minutes for it. I flagged our waitress, which I hate doing, and inquired about it in a very polite manner. She got slightly flustered and made a show of blaming the bar and how busy they were. The restaurant was indeed packed, but thats not an excuse. I waited another 15 minutes (unbelievable) until the drink was finally brought to me. 
Can't speak for dessert as the host had two of her own cakes.