Through work I had to take some SAP classes and there were a handful of nearby hotels which had shuttles to SAP HQ. Honestly, I originally chose this one because the website showed nice enough rooms and the hotel has the same name as Josh Radnor, who plays Ted on my favorite TV show, How I Met Your Mother. I figured, "What the hell, lets go with it."

In the end I didn't use the shuttle so I can't say how that works but I have spent a week here, longer than I have at any other hotel. This place has plenty of pros and cons.. So the best thing I think I can do is provide a list of these.

Pros to staying at The Radnor Hotel are a nice and simple room, with a nice shower and massaging showerhead. The bed was comfortable with plenty of pillows. There's free WiFi which has decent speed. There's a buffet breakfast possible and it's located close to the freeway for quick access. However...

Cons to staying at The Radnor Hotel are plentiful as well. My room's view (not all rooms) actually was that of the rooftop of the place. So, gravel and that's it. I never really opened my windows because what's the point. The bathroom in the room was nice enough but the sink clogged and clogged quickly. The room also lacked a mini-refirdgerator. This is a huge faux-pas in my opinion. I was able to score some ice from down the hall to keep some water cold but since the sink didn't get very cold, it was the only way I could have any cold food or drink. This also meant I couldn't bring leftovers back from anywhere. Good thing I didn't have some kind of medication I needed chilled either. The ice isn't a full solution. The WiFi that I mentioned before is spotty. It works but sometimes it'll just slow to a crawl or cut out my signal. It also isn't protected at all which made me nervous when I had to buy some tickets online with it. The breakfast was complementary for me but only because I was 'business class' due to the SAP thing. They will ask for your room number each morning to ensure you're on the list and if you're not you must go add it first so they can charge the room. The issue here is that, even the local Holiday Inn provides breakfast for all their customers... and plus the breakfast wasn't even that good. They had fruit and yogurt; oatmeal and cereal. Still, the whole thing was quite limited and not a thing changed the entire week. Some variety would have been nice, or even some hot food besides the oatmeal. I would have really appreciated eggs or pancakes or french toast. The fact they charged others fifteen dollars per meal for this just made me see it like a rip-off that I luckily had built into my price. There is a high school nearby which actually had provided some unwanted noise. I didn't mind the marching band practicing but I didn't care for the announcer on loudspeaker narrating some kind of sporting event or something. It sounded like an apartment complex neighbor blaring their TV or fighting with their spouse. Luckily it didn't last very long. I was able to enjoy my night with the minor fact that a power flux totally just cut my computer and air conditioner off. They started back up but it's not cool I can't trust my computer equipment to their power system.

As you can see, the cons are more numerous than the pros but still, I haven't hated it here. It's nice but just feels a bit 'stuffy'. The staff has been pleasant enough but I still think it's overpriced. Would I stay here again? Not right away. I'd try somewhere else first for sure. The surrounding area is nice though. It's located near a wealthy downtown district and apparently the largest mall in the East Coast. There are some good local eats around here which I would recommend investigation if anyone stays here.

In the end, I think I've tried the Radnor and would prefer to look elsewhere in the future. Perhaps the Segal? The Hannigan? The Smulders? What about The Harris? Do those exist?