Our daughter and son-in-law discovered this place when some friends invited them to join their family for dinner.  It's about 10 miles up the road from where they live.  I was surprised to see that just driving 10 miles away brings you to a semi-rural area.

Our daughter had to work one night during our most recent visit.  Both she and our son-in-law recommended that we all go here for dinner while she worked.  Apparently our son-in-law likes this place so much that when the kids finished watching a tv show at 4 p.m., he immediately got them dressed to go to dinner LOL! 

We ended getting there about 4:30 p.m. on a Friday night and the place was just about full!  Still, the friendly hostess was able to accommodate the 6 of us and we were seated immediately.  

Moccia's Train stop is A-Ok.  While their pizza isn't the best I've ever had, it's far from the worst.  Their pizzas are baked in conventional ovens which is evidenced by the lack of charring that's found on wood-fired or coal-fired ovens.  The crust is thin with a little crisp to it.  I found the tomato sauce to have good tomato flavoring with no hint of sweetness.

We decided to start with an appetizer that our daughter and son-in-law had raved about.  It is called "bruschetta caprese" and, as its name suggests, it's a hybrid of the two dishes.  Chopped tomatoes mixed with onion and garlic are placed atop a lightly toasted piece of Italian bread, then topped with a piece of fresh mozzarella.  It is finished off with some artfully drizzled balsamic vinegar.  This turned out to be a tasty appetizer.  Given the time of year, the tomatoes weren't as ripe or as flavorful as  they are at the peak of their growing season.  I can only imagine how much better it would be had the tomatoes been in season.

My husband and I decided to share a 14 inch Margherita pizza.  This was an unusual Margherita as it had plum tomatoes on it, in addition to the tomato sauce.  We should have read the menu description more carefully.  The only cheese was put on the sparsely placed tomato slices, which I found to be stingy.  The basil portion was generous.  Again, an A-Ok pizza.

The kids shared a 16 inch white pizza which consists of mozzarella, garlic and onions.  Our daughter doesn't like them having pizzas with tomato sauce as it can get messy for them.  I was surprised to see that they each ate 2 large slices, leaving 2 slices to take home.

Our son-in-law ordered a 16 inch spinach pizza which consists of spinach, mozzarella, and garlic.  He ate 2 slices and brought the rest home.  After all, our daughter insisted on this as she said she wouldn't eat dinner at work so that she would have room for the pizza!  All in all, between the kids' pizza and their parents' pizza, we ended up bringing back a whole pizza!

While our daughter and son-in-law concede that this pizza isn't as good as a good coal-fired oven pizza (they both love Grimaldi's pizza!) they say it is the best pizza that they've found locally.  Not having had any other local pizza I can't say for certain but I'm guessing that they are both correct.

My husband and I agree that if they want to go back when we are visiting, we wouldn't object.  After all, it's A-OK!