Fireside Smokehouse is the current incarnation of this old tavern down on Elmwood Avenue in Trevose, Pa. It has been run by one family since 1978, and they certainly know what they are doing adapting to changing tastes and fads to remain a solid choice for a hearty meal and a load of suds options. 

First impressions are that Fireside has three personalities - a front room dive bar full of locals enjoying the broad beer list and a few eating something meaty from the grill; a simple dining room with a dozen tables, and outside patio enclosed in canvas and plastic for cold weather, with a few picnic tables and service bar. The front bar was the most crowded  and with the most attitude.

Our server told us to sit anywhere and came back to us quickly for drink orders. Menus were already on every table.  Two pages of beer options took a few, but we settled on Limbo IPA and Weyerbacher Imperial Pumpkin Ale drafts. Cool and smooth going down. 

Son opted for a pulled pork sandwich with chips. He liked it, but has had better flavor. Too, there was no sauce on the table for added moisture and taste. The grilled salmon was a small steak, but fresh and nicely done. The spinach and slaw sides were forgettable.  My chicken & rib combo put a heavy plate with 6 ribs and quarter bird before me. They were both covered with the house BBQ sauce, a deep amber red.  The meat easily pulled from the bone and tasted of a good rub, long smoke and twangy sauce. Really liked it, and they were so loaded that I ate three, gave two away and brought one home along with the untouched clucker. The baked beanz were great and the mashed would have been too with a spoon of gravy or sauce on top. 

Fireside is a solid choice for basic BBQ in a down home environment.  It's nothing fancy, just serious meat overload and strong fermentation possibilities. Put a few table rockets of Memphis, St.Louis, Carolina,  along with the house slather in front of me, bring the ribs out dry for me to doctor the way I want, polish up the sides a bit, and this smokehouse would be seeing stars.