I have to say, I'm not a Starbucks regular, in fact, I think this is only the second time I've been to Starbucks. However, I like coffee, and after I had my eye lasered upstairs, the doctor suggested we have coffee while we had to wait 45 minutes after the procedure, and I thought that was a fantastic idea.

I got a mocha latte, and my hubby got a iced caramel Frappuccino. I have no idea why I got hot coffee on such a hot day, I don't know what I was thinking. I still think almost $11 for two cups of coffee is highly ridiculous, but what the heck, my eyesight was being restored, so damn the torpedoes, full speed ahead. 

The coffee was fine, really good, it's Starbucks, they really can't screw it up, can they? In fact, my husband's was delicious, and I wished I'd gotten that. I ordered a medium, and if that's a medium, I'd hate to see a "grande," holy crap, it was big! Hubby got a "vente," whatever that is, and it was massive, more than he, or we could drink. I don't get the "secret" language at Starbucks, how you have to be in the know to understand what the heck you're ordering unless you're a regular, and why people are happy to pay $11 for two cups of coffee day in and day out.

Here comes the part about service. Whey you pay $11 for two cups of coffee, one would expect a modicum of decent service with your Joe, wouldn't one? Well, I guess at Starbucks, that's not the case. The register person was relatively patient with us as it was obvious we weren't the regulars, and didn't know what the heck to order. She pointed vaguely to the other end of the counter, not looking at us, when we asked where to pick up. Aren't they supposed to write your name on the cup, in some kind of cutesy type of customer service? Not here. Instead, your cup is slammed down on the counter, with the contents screamed out, "something something, in a vente cup!!", with her arm outstretched while she moved as far away as she could in the other direction. Wow, I feel so special. My vente cup without even a warmer band on it, thank you very much, we had to put those on ourselves. 

So, our Starbucks experience was less than stellar, and certainly not worth $11, especially just for coffee. I just don't get it, but maybe I'm just old.