I'M SO SORRY, I feel so bad for only giving this place 3 stars because I want to like it but I have to be real. The staff are super friendly, the decor and ambiance was on point but ultimately it comes down to the stuff I shove down my pie hole. In other words, the food.

I just need to start off by asking why on earth the main photo for this place is a guy with his arms crossed. I don't really think that's a good/appropriate representation for The Dandelion and I find it very distracting. There's probably some really touching and depressing reason for it so I'll stop now before I embarrass myself.

Let's get on with it, I came here with a friend on an early Sunday afternoon. Considering how well-known this place is, I was shocked that there was absolutely no wait at this time in the middle of the summer on a BEAUTIFUL day but ok, sure, I'll take it. 

We follow the hostess upstairs and are seated in this charming little corner. I mean charming in the same sense of the word as when it's used to describe a tiny apartment in a back alley overlooking the dumpsters. We were like all up in the grill of this large party sitting next to the window. Their food looked so fucking good and it was so picturesque, the whole scene, that I almost took a photo but ultimately decided against it bc that would just be creepy af. Not that that ever stops me.

Within moments of being seated, our waitress came over. Like it was so fucking speedy that we barely had a chance to open the menus to take a look. I don't like to waste valuable daylight waiting to order a beverage so I had to make a decision on the go. The bottom left corner has the brunch drink specials. Both my friend and I went with something Queen Royale or something bloody mary. I just went to the menu on their website to try to find the exact name for u and I discovered two things that devastate me. 1: they have afternoon tea and I'm writing this review based on their brunch and not on their afternoon tea and 2: they have a chocolate stout??!? WtF? 

For food I ordered the spinach and "smoked cheddar" omelette WELL DONE as always and my froynd got the royale eggs benedict. 

The bloody mary was on the better side of what I usually experience but I'm usually disappointed with bloodies and this didn't knock my socks off. I did enjoy the pickle chip and that giant green olive. 

My beef with this place, and the reason why three stars, is because of the food. The omelette wasn't well done like I asked, at least to my liking. It was also extremely thick so the inside was a bit liquidy. The cheese might have contributed to the liquidy-ness but I wasn't keen on the texture of the omelette in general. Also the cheddar wasn't smoky in any way. I actually didn't even taste the cheese at all. There was like 2 leaves of spinach. The side salad was fresh and dressing was applied heavily (a plus). Unfortunately there were itty bitty something in the onion family so that detracted from the flavor for me. Also, good for my diet/thighs but where were the potatoes? Brunch eggs as a standard usually come with potatoes or toast or SOMETHING along those lines. Not here.

My friend loved hers though, stay tuned for her review. Unless she posted it already. One of the poached eggs' yolk was solid. I'm not a benedict expert but I don't believe that is how it's supposed to go.

Ok I'll wrap it up, relax. The scones looked fucking delicious and the desserts were extremely tempting but like I said before, diet. Also the mac and cheese someone at another table got looked literally divine to an almost sexually arousing degree. I feel tempted to come back here to give them another chance.

Ok, I have to go make sure my slow cooker didn't explode, bye.