Wrong order, TWICE, but with a smile? 

I've been wanting to try Charcoal's for a while now as it is right down the street from my house.  I don't eat burgers often but needed one desperately after a ridiculous night of drinking, so I decided to give them a shot, despite the average reviews on Yelp.

I will admit my order might have been a little bit annoying.  I ordered the House Burger @ medium temp (house bun, mayo, mustard, pickles, white onion, iceberg, tomato, yellow cheddar) but substituted caramelized onions for white onions, and put the m&m on the side.  I figured it's best to try the classic burger first.  The girl taking orders told me it would be 30 minutes.  That's a little longer than I expected for a burger at 2 pm, but fine, I know this is a gourmet burger bar.

I take the burger home and open up the cute little box that it comes in, only to discover my burger did not have mayo, mustard, pickles, iceberg, tomato, or cheddar cheese! NOOOOOOOOO MY HANGOVER WANTS TO CRY!!! I decided to call and just let them know that my order was missing most of its ingredients. The girl was super nice and offered to make another one, and have it be ready in 15 minutes. There was some sort of mix up with the build your own burger menu. Being hungover and not having anything better to do with my life in the next couple of hours, I took a bite of the burger and decided to go back and get what I ordered. Though it was practically naked, the temperature was perfect and the burger itself was nice and juicy.

I arrive for the second time at Charcoal, 15 minutes later, and my food was not ready.  In fact, a few minutes went by and finally one of the employees confronted me and acknowledged that I was coming back for what I had ordered, and THEN put the order in on the fly.  Now, I do want to reiterate that everyone there was super nice and all smiles, but it's a little ridiculous that the redo order did not get put in before I got back to the place!  Not sure whose fault that is but clearly some communication issues between the employees need to be worked out. 

I then received my burger 10 minutes later and took it home, opened up the cute little box that is comes in and took a bite, only to discover that it was soaked in mayo and mustard, and not cooked to medium temperature. :(  In fact, it was rare to medium rare.  That my friends, is quite the fail. If an order is done on the fly, it can really only go as fast as the burger will cook, and cooking it to the right temperature is very important as it changes the whole texture and taste of the burger. I was too apathetic at that point to call back again.

I actually decided to eat the original burger instead since it was cooked correctly.  I added some goat cheese from my fridge and it was delicious!  However, that was definitely not the point of ordering food from a restaurant.  

I do think that I will give them another chance in the future since they have interesting burgers such as elk and salmon, and some good looking salads.  I suspect the food will be pretty good and hopefully the service will be up to par by then.  Now it's time for me to go pass out.