As a rule, I don't engage social media. With this posting, I am departing with this practice to alert Claymont Steak Shop patrons on some of the pitfalls of the online ordering system. Also, BE ADVISED -- Management increases prices but fails to concurrently update online menu prices. Then, they have the temerity to declare on the menu "We reserve the right to correct any errors". In other words they have the right to misstate pricing. I've frequented the business since 1968 - two years after its establishment. My continued patronage is a testament to the quality and value of the menu selections, not their unethical business practices. Below is copy of comments sent to the Claymont Steak Shop online ordering vendor aptly entitled, "Extra Meatball, Hold the Extra Drama" 

The app you developed for Claymont Steak Shop needs to be refined. 

Because of the apps poor design (should be based on customer intentions and sequential logic) it resulted in a counterintuitive ordering error which later culminated in an unwanted but necessary argument with the restaurant manager which had the potential to erupt into a physical altercation with a patron had my response to his unwelcome hostile act towards me escalated. Too much drama over an extra meatball - details to follow. 

Here are the details: My INTENTION was to order a Spaghetti Platter w/ Meatball w/ Extra Meatball. I selected the platter EXPECTING to see "Extra Meatball" as an option. I saw Bread Stick, selected the extra option presuming that Extra Meatball might appear (counterintuitive) but when it didn't, I made a note in the Comments section to add a meatball. 

When I arrived at the restaurant expecting to quickly pick up my order and resume my trip home following 4 hours of dental surgery, the order taker told me I hadn't paid for the meatball online and he charged me - without my authorization - $2.00 for the Extra Meatball. Not only was I incensed that he charged my card without authorization -  which I later determined was not actually charged to the credit card company when the order was in process - he overcharged $0.51 for the Extra Meatball. 

Both he and the manager asserted that it was my error for not navigating back to the Pasta Menu to select Extra Meatball which is a discreet selection grouped with entrees. THIS MAKES ABSOLUTELY NO SENSE!!!!!!  Is it intuitive? No,...Is it logical? No,...Is the app easy to use? No. 

I could point out other deficiencies in the app design but quite frankly, I'm not being compensated to do this. 

I have absolutely no expectation that anyone in your organization will take my experience seriously. Further, I have no expectation that you will acknowledge the fault in the app design and own it. And last, I have absolutely no expectation that corrective action will be taken. 

To turn your phrase, "You are one step closer to increasing your customers's engagement and your restaurant's revenues!".....You are one step closer to DECREASING your customers' engagement and your restaurant's revenues"