I'm a big fan of almost all the restaurants at Atlantis, so, I had a late dinner with a couple of friends to see what the newest addition to their restaurants was all about.

I made reservations (highly recommended)...we were seated promptly and our waiter, Richard, greeted us promptly.

The staff are following all the current health and safety mandates.

Let's talk about the food...I'm a huge fan of Asian cuisine and know my way around the many different styles offered here.

We ordered Dim Sum for appetizers:
Pork and Shrimp Siu Mai...Ginger Soy Dipping Sauce ($10)
Shrimp Har Gow...Ginger Soy Dipping Sauce ($10)
Shishito Peppers...Toasted Sesame Seeds, Yuzu Ponzu ($8)

I've eaten at some of the best Dim Sum restaurants around the nation and they do this style justice.
Both the Siu Mai and the Har Gow were very tasty, but, there were only 4 pieces in each steamer basket for each order! For $10? Very disappointing.
The Shishito Peppers were a welcome treat...perfectly blistered and the Ponzu sauce was an extra added taste option to dip in. A generous amount on the portion. As always, I managed to find a couple of the elusive spicy ones.

For my main course:
Korean Spiced Beef Short Rib (Rice Bowl)...Daikon Radish Slaw, Kimchi, Marinated Soft Boiled Egg, Ginger Scallion Salad, Pickled Shiitake Mushrooms, Korean BBQ Sauce ($17)
The Short Ribs were tender and nicely seasoned, the Kimchi had just the right kick to it and the Daikon Radish Slaw, Ginger Scallion Salad, Pickled Shiitake Mushrooms, as well as the Rice were a great compliment to the dish, adding a nice variety of texture and flavor. Unfortunately, the Marinated Soft Boiled Egg was overcooked and the center wasn't runny to add the unctuousness to the plate that would've been welcome.
While very tasty, still a bit overpriced at $17 for the portion size.

One of my friends ordered:
Yakitori Chicken (Rice Bowl)...Daikon Radish Slaw, Pea Shoots, Ginger Scallion Salad, Pickled Shiitake Mushrooms, Marinated Soft Boiled Egg, Peanut Sauce ($18)
Again, the Marinated Soft Boiled Egg was overcooked and the center wasn't runny. I didn't get a taste, but, he said that he liked it while also commenting that he thought it was overpriced at $18 for the portion size.

My other friend ordered:
Pho 775...Shaved Beef, Beef Tendon, Beef Meat Balls, Bean Sprouts, Scallions, Jalapeños, Thai Basil, Lime, Shaved Onions, Cilantro ($18)

FYI...before I comment, please know that I've (literally) eaten at EVERY Pho joint in this area! It's one of my favorite foods.

I did get a taste of the broth...meh...nothing special...plus, not near enough Basil, Cilantro & Jalapenos...and they were already added into the bowl, instead of being served on the side so you can add it yourself, which is half the fun of eating Pho! They also didn't offer or bring the standard condiments that are served at every Pho place around...Hoisin Sauce, Sri Racha, Chili Sauce and Chili Oil. It was a nice sized portion, lots of broth and noodles, but, AGAIN, overpriced at $18, especially considering the amount of protein that was in the bowl.

The food is good.
The prices? Not so much.
In my opinion, it's over-priced for what you actually get.
Our waiter, Richard, was the bright spot of the evening...very attentive and personable, without being overbearing (which, if you read my reviews, is a pet peeve of mine).
I've seen a lot of reviews complaining about long waits for food and food showing up cold/lukewarm...we didn't experience those issues at all...maybe because we ate later in the evening (our reservation was at 10pm).

Since it's brand new, I'll give them some time to settle in and see if they make adjustments to either their portion sizes or their prices to make it equitable.

Go see for yourself...