If you're a potential customer: this pizza tastes great! If you don't care about ingredients or GMOs, go ahead and indulge.

If you're the owner or someone affiliated with the company, please pass this review along. We could not find a website to contact them.

We discovered this pizza at Whole Foods, when Geadello's owner was on site for a tasting. My husband fell in love with the taste of the whole wheat pie, and so we began scanning the list of ingredients. When I asked the owner about the "OIL" in the pizza (very disappointed that it is not made any clearer for customers), he mentioned using a mix of olive oil and canola oil. CANOLA??

This pizza is supposedly made of healthy, local ingredients and yet, they choose to use Canola oil?? Not only has the erucic acid in canola oil been shown to cause heart damage in animal studies, but almost all canola crops in North America are GMO. Canola oil consumption has been linked to vitamin E deficiency and a shortened life span, and research has found some trans fats in canola oil, which were created during the heavy processing that it goes through. 

According to the Weston A. Price Foundation: "Like all modern vegetable oils, canola oil goes through the process of caustic refining, bleaching and degumming, all of which involve high temperatures or chemicals of QUESTIONABLE safety. And because canola oil is high in omega-3 fatty acids, which easily become rancid and foul-smelling when subjected to oxygen and high temperatures, it must be deodorized. The standard deodorization process removes a large portion of the omega-3 fatty acids by turning them into trans fatty acids... research at the University of Florida at Gainesville, found trans levels as high as 4.6% in commercial liquid oil... they are not listed on the label".

So... back to the pizza...

While this pizza does taste delicious (although a bit "bready" after a few slices, according to my husband), we unfortunately won't buy it. We support local companies and farmers, and would love to stand behind you on this. But please remove the canola oil from your pizza, and properly label your products so that we know everything that goes into it. 

And how about choosing all organic ingredients? We'd have no qualms about paying a little extra for a tasty pizza that actually doesn't destroy your health. Local & organic, now that's a true statement!