I just left this place and I wanted to review it before I got super busy and forgot to review it. 

Food wise, this place is a total 5 star place. My omelette was delicious-I love the way they cook the eggs so light and fluffy and stuff the insides with perfectly prepared veggies.  The potatoes are crisp and flavored perfectly with the spices they use.  The rye bread they use (is it baked in house?) is some of the best rye bread I've had in years. Really, the chefs are extremely talented and I commend them for having a great rhythm in turning out such high quality food in such a busy place. 

The reason that I am not giving 5 stars to the establishment as a whole is because I have not felt so rushed in my life to eat and get the eff out. The service was some of the worst I've had in a very long time. The establishment seems to have disorganized chaos-up front was fine when we first got there to put our name in. Once we were called we got pointed towards the back of the shop and told to follow the other girl, who proceeded to offer us two different tables. 

One of the busboys took our water orders and dropped them off. Our server came over, and while pleasant, clearly wanted to turn and burn us as quickly as possible. My drink order came out incorrectly at first, which they fixed, and then I asked twice for salsa-once while ordering and once after the food came as it was missing. Again, an easy fix. 

What is not acceptable to me is constant hovering and asking to bring a box while I'm in the middle of bringing a bite of food to my mouth. It makes for a very uncomfortable dining experience as I felt like we were not wanted. After two to three run bys within 10-15 minutes and offering to take my plate or bring a box, she dropped the check "just so we could have it". 

My husband and I were here for just under an hour, including the wait time. I understand wanting to "turn and burn" your tables-I worked as a server for the breakfast shift for years. There is an art to giving great customer service and still moving your tables along in a timely manner. Even though the food is spectacular here I will go elsewhere on the very sparse days I get to enjoy brunch as I value not only excellent food but excellent customer service as well.