I had the chance to try Harvest last week, and I was super duper excited about it going into the night. Ultimately, though, I was not impressed and probably won't make any effort to return. Here's the gist of what I thought of the various aspects of the restaurant:

Ambiance - 5 stars
Service - 4 stars
Food - 3 stars
Price/value - 3 stars

I really loved the decor and atmosphere of the restaurant. The bar is beautiful, and the restaurant as a whole is way more spacious than I thought it'd be.

Here are the items I tried:
- Blackberry acai margarita
- Jamaican jerk flatbread
- Rib eye with cornbread and slaw
- Macaroni and cheese
- Fish tacos

While I was thrilled to see a specialty margarita on the menu, it simply tasted like water. It wasn't flavorful, and for the ingredients that are listed, I expected more. It didn't taste fruity or have any kick, and I didn't order any other cocktails after that one for fear that they'd be the same. (Though the strawberry mojito was calling my name...)

The jerk flatbread we got as an appetizer was good. I mean, that's where it ends. It was good. It was nothing spectacular or that I'd order again, and really most of the flavor came from the spicy sauce that was on it. There was hardly any chicken!

My rib eye itself was tasty, but the jalapeno cornbread was awful. First of all, it wasn't jalapeno cornbread. It was plain old cornbread with some jalapeno butter on top. It wasn't spicy in the least, and the cornbread itself was dry and crumbly. I didn't finish it, and my husband was equally unimpressed. Cornbread should be moist, and if you're calling it "jalapeno cornbread," it should probably have at least a LITTLE spice to it.

The macaroni and cheese was also very boring. It was literally just elbow macaroni with some cheese. There was no seasoning or flare to it. I think even my little nephews were underwhelmed with it.

That was a trend throughout the entire night, though, and my main gripe with this place. NOTHING WAS SEASONED!! I get that they're trying to keep things healthy - under 500 calories and perhaps low sodium - but it just didn't do anything for me. My husband, who had the fish tacos, was also equally underwhelmed.

Frankly, when I go out to a restaurant I want the food to be better than what I could cook at home. This is not the case here. I know I could go to my local farmer's market, procure the same items, and make copycat dishes with waaaaaaaaaaaaaay more flavor. Even if they're trying to stay away from salt, there are tons of seasonings that could be used to lend more flavor to these dishes. 

I am bummed that Harvest wasn't the party in my mouth that I hoped it would be.