It's interesting to me that on very rare occasion, I've been accused by other Yelpers (establishment owners moving about the website incognito?) of enjoying when I write a bad review, and that couldn't be further from the truth.  I hate when I have to write a less than stellar accounting of my dining experience, and I especially hate when I'm one of only a few who claim a bad experience of mostly 5 star reviews.  Well, thank goodness I'm not alone here, but I am not in the majority, either.  Most people love The Lark.... and I truly wish I was one of them.

 I will say the food presentation gets 5 stars.  Every dish was very artistically presented, so much so that I didn't want to cut into the beauty of their design, but we did anyway.  They were all beautiful, and I took pictures of each to make sure I always have them to reference, and nothing pleases me more than having something beautiful to photograph.  This place surely did not disappoint.

 The menu was eclectic, if not daring.  I'd like to think I'm open to trying new things, and even dishes with some more unusual food combinations.  Nothing scary or weird, but not my usual cup 'o tea, either.   For instance, gnocchi with crabmeat and chorizo...... to me, not something I'd typically order...or find elsewhere, but it "could" have worked masterfully.  The dish also boasted the use of navel oranges, castelvetrano olives, lobster roe, chili flakes and cilantro, but I have no idea if they were actually there or not...... I couldn't tell.  Unfortunately, the dish was overpowered by too many chili flakes (not the chorizo), and thus, was way too spicy.  A dish like gnocchi, so delicate, doesn't seem right that it should be so spicy.  Maybe I'm crazy.

 We also ordered an asparagus dish, which came with preserved Meyer lemon, soft poached egg, spicy coppa, pinenuts, summer blossoms.  The asparagus, while cooked to perfection, had absolutely NO flavor, which annoys me to no end.  The spicy coppa was not all that spicy, but it didn't do anything for me to eat it with the asparagus, either.  I don't like poached eggs, so I didn't eat that.  I'm not sure what the summer blossoms were, or IF they were even there.  The pine nuts were more for decoration.  I didn't avail myself to eating them with the asparagus..... or without.  This dish just didn't work for me whatsoever.

 We also ordered the slow-cooked lamb ribs that came with Medjool date caramel, salsa verde, crushed pistachio, and fennel pollen.  This was incredibly flavorful, but again, a bit spicy.  Yet, this time, while it was still too spicy for me, at least it made sense with the lamb.  With lamb, it can handle strong flavors.  This definitely had a Middle Eastern flavor, and I loved the sweet, perhaps cinnamon-y flavor.  I just would have preferred it be a little less spicy.  Also, while the lamb fell off the bones quite easily, it was oddly a bit dry.  I was chewing way too long on some of the pieces.

 One of the prettier dishes was the stone fruit & burrata, which had pickled bing cherries, nectarines, plums, peaches, with a dollop of roasted cashew praline, set among red mustard greens with Persian lime gastrique.  The fruit, while mildly cooked, was topped with a little dollop of burrata and some of the roasted cashew praline, which pretty much tasted like cashew butter.  The dish was nice to look at, but the flavors didn't appeal to me, nor did they add anything to any of the fruit.  Sure, separately they did...... but not together.  While beautiful to look at, thus ended its appeal after that.

 Lastly, we had the Grilled Spanish Octopus with roasted cauliflower, sea beans, blistered grapes, toasted almonds, squid ink, grapefruit, and rosemary.  OUTSTANDING.  It had perfect flavor.  It wasn't overly spicy.  It had texture.  The octopus and cauliflower were wonderful, especially when dipped in the squid ink.  The grapefruit could have been left out, but certainly nothing to detract from the dish.  We all loved it the most, and I'm just sorry we didn't order another.  I think this was my favorite restaurant version of octopus.  They got this dish RIGHT !!

 I happened to love my cocktail........ I got their version of the Mule....cucumber infused vodka, yellow chartreuse, and ginger beer with slices of lime and cucumber.  VERY refreshing, tasty, and sweet...... just how I like it.  Speaking of sweet, since it was my birthday, they brought out one of their goat cheese profiteroles with a candle.  It was decent........ not my favorite, but decent.  My husband and daughter ordered funnel cake, but I'm so not a funnel cake fan.  They both liked it, but they weren't raving, either.

 So overall, we had some hits and misses.  Honestly, for all the positive press I've read and for the prices they charge, I expected perfection... or near that.  I didn't think it was close to it.  Good, yes... but GREAT?  No way. I'm comfortable with awarding 3 stars.  Wish I could've given more.