I absolutely love the food of Cochon and Cochon butcher, but with a heavy heart I still have to give a 3 star for our meal upstairs in Calcasieu.

We were in a fairly large party of 25-35 people celebrating a good Friend's birthday. The seating arrangement was well planned out and they provided plenty of room for our party considering a much larger party was happening in the adjoining room. The Calcasieu space is divided by movable walls and they did a great job of blocking the other party's noise from us. 

First course was a Peche Seafood Gumbo and it was just not right. Someone to my left got all rice, I got no rice, and the guy to my left got all veggie chunks but no meat and so forth. The roux tasted great but it was very runny. Temp for everyone at our table wasn't cold but wasn't hot, either.  Long story short, it was a bummer for a start after having such high expectations. 

Second course was a salad. Lots of folks remarked on how it really needed salt as it came out fairly bland. 

The entree choices for a party our size was either the Gulf Fish Courtbouillon or the Braised Beef Short Rib. I ordered the Short rib and it was superb. They knocked that dish out the park. My wife got the fish and that was equally fantastic. 

Krewe Du Vieux was rolling two blocks up so my wife and I and a couple friends snuck out to catch the parade and skipped on dessert. Others who stayed said it was also a great dish. 

Tallying up the score, they had two not so great starts and cleaned things up on the end with a great entree and dessert. Part of me feels that I'm being too judgy considering we were a large party and God knows that's tough to execute from a kitchen's standpoint, timing such large portions. That being said, this place specifically caters to those type of meals and I feel they fell short this night. 

Would I tell someone to not go here or to either of the Cochons? Heck no. Still a full fledged supporter. I'll be back if an event comes together there and I'll be excited to give them a second shot.