I set out with $150 not of my own money and a desire to try one of the best restaurants in Nashville.  Excluding restaurants I'd already tried and hotel restaurants which always seem to lack a little ambiance I flipped a coin between Watermark and Flyte and we ended up at Watermark this past Saturday evening.

The reservation was easy, the hostesses gracious and the wait staff was excellent.  The meal itself was decent but not of the caliber I would hope for in one of the "best" restaurants in town.  Unfortunately Nashville seems to fall on its face when trying to execute really fine dining.  One of the hallmarks of really fine dining is a delightful melding of flavors AND the ability to do so consistently.

The two items that were outstanding were the sourdough bread, one of the finest breads to be found East of the Mississippi, and the beets and arugula appetizer  The beets and arugula appetizer over goat cheese mousse was the taste explosion I was seeking.  Although  I was surprised that a dish that had arugula in the title had infinitesimal bits of arugula in it as I had been hoping for something along the lines of a delicious salad,  I readily excused that as I adore goat cheese, the beets were well executed (and I actually think I hate beets) and the dish was truly tasty.  My husband's mushroom soup was acceptable but appeared to rely on the same tried and true methods of making any soup cream and pepper heavy and passing it off as fine cuisine.

I had the rabbit dish and I have cooked lapin a la moutarde for myself so i was looking forward to something at least as tasty as I would make. The dish was called Tennessee rabbit confit over ravioli's stuffed with pencil asparagus, parmesan béchamel and wild yellow foot mushrooms.  The raviolis were outstanding and served by themselves would have made me a fan. The rabbit was just chunks of dry white meat with a slightly unpleasant flavor that I could have skipped altogether.  Either Tennessee rabbits are less tasty than New York ones or this dish gets served so infrequently that the rabbit is not fresh.

My husband had the Hickory grilled New York strip over a portabella, smoked bacon and Kobe short rib risotto in a garden thyme jus.  For $50 I expected the entree to be amazing and was sad for him that the smoked bacon and hickory grilling made the dish too smoky for him to truly enjoy.  Perhaps he should have been more careful in his selection as he does not like smoked foods however I like smoked foods much more than he does and still found the smoke flavor masked the other potentially delicious flavors of the dish.  

We each had three ounce pours of the recommended wine for our respective dishes.  They were all quite tolerable except for the wine which came with my rabbit which tasted like it had turned.   I had just asked for the accompanying wine without looking at the menu and upon tasting asked for it to be replaced which the waiter promptly did. For the replacement  I asked for the same wine my husband had with his first course and it was as acceptable a pour as my husband had.  I just looked up which wine was on the menu with the rabbit and it was actually the same Bourgogne so it's very odd that I got a very bad glass in between two acceptable ones. 

We shared a chocolate duo for dessert and thankfully I was not hungry as it was pretentious enough to give me food rage.  Preserve me from chefs that think popcorn on a dessert is enough to make it nouvelle southern cooking.  There was just enough of a tiny serving of heavenly chocolate mouse underneath to end the evening on an acceptable note.

I went in really really wanting to like Watermark and overall the meal wasn't horrible despite a couple of missteps.  My husband likened it to a really fine chain restaurant and if not a chain restaurant perhaps the chef is hampered by the corporate restaurant group to which Watermark belongs.  My two cents is that it is fine if you are on an expense account or are well heeled enough to play restaurant roulettte on a regular basis, but if you are treating yourself to a rare dinner out on your own dime you may be better off at one of the smaller local restaurants like Germantown Cafe or Wild Iris (I had a tenderloin dish there recently that unexpectedly knocked my socks off) or one of Nashville's fine steak houses..