UPDATE:
Initially, I was giving 2 stars however, I changed to three stars simply because the quality of service escalated upon departure.

As we were leaving, the server brought our take out boxes and I explained we weren't going to take the food with us. Points scored for noticing that. It seems a manager noticed and saw we didnt really eat much of anything and adjusted the bill. This was nice and appreciated. We would have still paid regardless.  

I'm hoping this review isn't perceived as mean but rather an attempt to provide feedback as is the intent of reviews. Food quality is key and it's something they need to work on. I will be back for breakfast and I am hoping perhaps this will be more of a morning joint and maybe I didnt go at the right time of day. Although, improvements should still be made to the lunch menu.

Disappointed. Too pricey and the quality of the food doesn't match the price point.
I wasn't sure why we were told there was a 30 minute wait time with at least 6 tables clean and open for use. We stayed, as I knew it wouldn't be 30 minutes - it was 15 at best.

The decor is dinerish with counter top seating and comfortable booths. 

Now, the food. The bacon cheese fries were served warm not hot and the fried green tomatoes were dripping grease. The sauce was the same for both appetizers. With the availability of condiments at a diner, I think they need to stretch a bit more on different sauces. The burgers were, well, burgers. Nothing special. They are cooked to order which is nice and not typical for diners as you get what the cook serves. I did ask for jalapeños to be added to my burger. When it arrived I didnt see any so I asked if they used fresh or pickled. I was told fresh and was brought more to add. When I saw the jalapeños I did explain those were pickled and not fresh. The dill potato salad was weak and tasted watered down. Good idea as I have had awesome dill potato salad (Barrow's Gourmet on Henderson). Potato salad should be thick and creamy whether dill, egg or mayo is the base. 

The most disappointing part for me was when the server noticed I needed more coffee, she said she would fill it when the coffee finished brewing. This wasn't the heart of breakfast, it was after 12noon. Rule #1 - when running a diner,  ALWAYS have coffee readily available. When she brought the coffee, I had to ask for cream and use the handle end of my fork to stir. Also, There were only two sugar packets left on the table for me to use which I pointed out yet I wasn't offered more sugar. 
I believe the server is new to the industry as even my 13 year old son noticed the difference in the skill level from other spots we frequent. In time, she will get there and she was friendly and courteous.  Another server did ask if we wanted a bag to take our boxed leftovers home and again my son saw the difference in service meaning she recognized a customer need and was willing to assist.

Overall, they have a long way to go. Service is good but needs some fine tuning. The food needs much more TLC. This area has been waiting for a joint like this and sadly, we still are....
P.S. We didnt take any food home even though we boxed it - it wasn't good there and that wasn't going to change if we took it home.