The Castleton area is rather lackluster in terms of bars, nightlife, and places to hang out and grab some drinks with friends. So when my friends decided to go out for a pint before an event on Friday, Twin Peaks seemed like the best (and only) choice. I'm not a huge fan of "titty restaurants" like this to be honest because I hate that an establishment's theme is around women wearing revealing clothes as they wait on you. It seems rather sexist. But, that's just me being a prude. I'm also not a big sports bar person, as I find all of the TVs to be rather distracting for good conversation over dinner. But, Twin Peaks wasn't that terrible.

Our waitress was very friendly (and not just for the sake of garnering more tips). She legitimately seemed like a nice gal. She wasn't quite knowledgeable on all items on the menu though. Even if your serving at a place that's not a 5-star restaurant, you should still be able to recommend a few things off the menu if you can for the benefit of your customers. She also was a little slow to get to and from our table with our drinks, which I found odd since we were seated right by where the waitresses request drinks of their bartenders.

As for the drinks, VERY sweet. I ordered some kind of boozy lemonade off their drink specials menu, and it was mostly simple syrup/sour mix. Maybe this makes me a functional alcoholic, but I like to taste a little nip of the booze in my drink and not just sweet and sour. I had a taste of one of their house beers (all of which are themed with some kind of lumberjack name) and it was decent. Not anything to go out of your way for, but I could definitely tell this was more of a beer joint than a mixed drink place. Perhaps the bartenders are used to pouring more pints than mixing liquor drinks for all the men coming in to this watering hole.

The food was decent. Twin Peaks definitely redeemed itself in this area. I had some of the mozzarella bites to start, which were quite tasty -- lightly breaded and fried with molten cheese in the center...you can't go wrong with these. I also tried a few bites of the blackened fish tacos -- also very decent with a tangy chipotle mayo that came on them.

After our event, we ended up coming back to Twin peaks for another round and some of the gals came and chatted with us at our table. It was a nice distraction from all of the TVs that were vying for our attention in the place. I can't say that Twin Peaks will be my regular watering hole, but it is convenient, not terribly expensive, and they about the only interesting bar in the Castleton area with PLENTY of seating for a group.