Ah okay well this will be one of those times where I just couldn't decide what I wanted to rate it. I want to be able to give 3 and 4 because I really enjoyed this cafe but it just fell a little short in some places. 
So this was my first time being to a cafe/restaurant and it was a little .. weird? Not in a bad way necessarily , just in an odd sort of quirky way. The way the seating works - as it's posted at the front - is if you're coming to eat lunch or dinner, you seat yourself and a server will come and help you. If you're coming for coffee and pie, you order at the front and then find a seat. 
So just fair warning if you're like me and you like to know what you're getting into, because I didn't and it was pretty foreign to me!
I was going in for dinner with my boyfriend so we sat at a table pretty close to the front and the waitress came over and brought us their chalkboard sizes menu - which I thought was awesome and hilarious. She was really nice and took our orders right away after we sat down. I tried their brisket with an in-house made tea. The food was quite good actually and I was really happy with it. It is very much so a type of meal you would eat at home - the just right portion, familiar taste and simple cooking. The iced tea I had with it was also really nice. It was unsweetened but wasn't bitter. 
Afterwards we tried their apple cheesecake pie which I thought was good! The crust was pretty burnt but the filling of the cheesecake-pie was to die for! It was different from other cafes which I appreciated, even if the entire pie wasn't perfect I was still inspired to try and make it at home.
The waitresses were nice and attentive - just a little awkward. Which probably has to do with the fact that there isn't a set 'structure' with who attends to who. Like I said it's a weird kind of restaurant meets  cafe, which isn't a big deal if you don't mind munching on some brisket while buddy across the room sips a coffee in the same amount of time. It's just preference really! 
Overall it's a good, cute cafe to go to. I would recommend to try it out!