This business is new and so I'm giving them a little leeway in the star rating. I'm not sure if Oishii is still working out their menu or if they're going to rely on a gimmick to survive. I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt because nothing about my visit was bad, but nothing was especially great either.

They are located in a giant plaza near Target, and the inside decoration is pretty minimalist and modern. The seats were comfortable, the conveyor belt was fun to watch, but I ultimately took a table so I could try the shabu shabu. The first thing I noticed about the table was that it sits really high due to the heating element being built in. If you have a two-top you're also going to sit far apart from your table mate, which makes sharing apps difficult. As a side note, the music playing was late 90s/early 00s pop - Backstreet Boys, Brandy, etc. It was definitely unexpected and... a little off-putting. 

My server was nice enough but couldn't entirely figure out how to use her electronic ordering device. When we ordered one hot pot and four appetizers (plus a drink order including a glass of wine) and made a comment about sharing things, she brought up the mandatory $4.99 sharing charge on the shabu shabu. Uhhh... I think my hot pot was $13, and the apps were definitely more than that. Part of me thinks the owner wouldn't have an issue considering it wasn't one person ordering food and the other just sitting there. I will say it's a major turn-off and the label on the table stating the sharing charge just looks... Cheap. Well, the girl waiting on us never brought out the fourth appetizer (not a huge deal), and gave me a quick lesson on using the table to cook, but for the most part left us to our own devices.

As for the food - I think they have some work to do. I tried the gyoza and the shumai, and wasn't impressed with either. The gyoza were the better of the two, but neither of them had any texture. The dumplings were very soft and underwhelming. I opted out of trying the tempura, but was told it was pretty good. I ordered the hot and spicy broth with beef and clear noodles. Out server also brought out a small dish of house sauce which had three components - whatever the mild reddish color sauce in the bottom was, something that tasted like tahini, and something green and spicy. So I only used about half of my veggie plate in my soup, then I tossed the noodles in, followed by the house sauce, and then the beef. The beef was super thinly cut, decoratively rolled, and then frozen again (it was still frozen when it came to my table). The quantity looks a lot larger than it is due to presentation, and I also don't care for the fact that it was frozen a second time (getting that thin of a slice almost always comes with being frozen before cutting). I have no idea what cut of meat it was, but the quality wasn't that great. I should have tasted the broth prior to putting all my stuff in it, but by the time it was done, it felt like it was missing something. 

So, my overall thoughts on Oishii? I can't speak for their sushi, but the rest of it could use some work. I would much rather spend a couple more bucks for quality meats and maybe even build my veggie options myself. I felt bad wasting them, but I'm not keen on pumpkin, baby corn, and tofu. I'm hoping they don't rely on the gimmicks and put out a better product in the future because I like the concept.