Warmdaddy's tries to capture the feel of smooth jazz and New Orleans cuisine, and provides a good atmosphere for music lovers. But the food can be hit or miss and groups looking to chat may be out of luck.

Atmosphere - Right as you walk in, you can see the aesthetics mimic a smooth jazz club from New Orleans. Lots of dark blues and other colors greet your entrance into the restaurant. The bar area has a number of liquors and beers on tap, with TV's showing some jazz greats and sports. Dining area is right near a stage, which the house band comes on during the weeknights. Lots of abstract art on the walls and really focuses on a soulful feel.

Waitstaff - Our waiter did a good job of taking our orders and bringing out the food. We also sat at the bar for some happy hour specials which were pretty decent ($2 off all draft beers and 1/2 price apps, yes please!). Bartender was ok at getting our food out on time, and waiter did a great job once the house band took the stage with the loud music.

Food - Really hit or miss. We ordered the Cheese and Shrimp Grits as well as the Chicken Gizzards w/Biscuits. Gritz were very good, creamy with a cheesy base which worked out very well. Gizzards were like a chewy fried chicken, not really what I thought they'd be and very salty. For dinner, I had the Jambalaya which was very good, definitely a different take having the shells on the mussels and tails on the shrimp. The sides of corn and rice were meh, no real taste other then butter. My wife got the Crabcake Sandwich which was a miss as well. Very salty and not really a fresh crabcake taste, may have been a frozen patty. The one thing I will rave about was the cornbread. Light, flaky, and the perfect mix of buttery goodness with fluffy texture. One of the best places in the city to get some cornbread, just be careful with your entree selections.

Intangibles - As I mentioned, the house band comes on at 7pm. If you're chatting with guests during dinner, that ends when the band comes on. If you're going for the music, you'll love it. Band had a great sound and can really add to your experience. Unfortunately, we met up with friends and communicating with them after 7 was not possible since we were near the stage. If you are going to chat and not listen, make sure to get a table near the back. Free Parking is available under I-95 for any diners as well, and you could make it a night after the movies with the UA theater right there as well.

Overall - Warmdaddy's is an acquired taste. If you enjoy the soul / jazz music vibe, this is the place for you. If you enjoy having some great times with friends and a good dining experience, you may not find what you're looking for. Warmdaddy's can give you the blues in a good way, just know what you're getting into before you go.