Hey Roy, figured I'd bring this to your attention. 

Called up to your store to place an order.. I was told they do not do orders over the phone. Because it's a buy one get one. No mention of that on your website.. unless I missed it. So to the customer 6 days a week, it's the same.. but one day you can't staff properly and get someone to take the phones calls, you tell the customer hey deal with it. We are busy.. no big deal. Ordered on line. 3 smoothies and a pressed juice. 

$28 dollars.. your website does not compensate for the free smoothies. Not a huge deal for me, was going to pay regardless. Should be taken care of through your online order, like any other promo. 

I ordered a Spicy redhead.. came into the store as a gin drink or something.. not a huge deal.. 

I come in, asked for my drink. Nick the manager doesn't know but HIS employee tells him " I already refunded it" .. hmmm how? Where's my print out, did you ask the customer hey we are out. Can I get you something else?? Nope just refund it, don't tell your manager nick of whoever he is.. guess just some young kid who is more responsible then the rest of the kids in the store..

I ask for a print out of my refunded drink. Not only can he not do that, he makes me pay for the another drink? Are you kidding me??  

How do I know in refunded?  No paper trail? No nothing? Really??? 

And to top it off when I'm asking him these questions, he's getting direction from HIS employee??? And talking back to me the customer??  Is this some type of joke? 

So they refund my money with out asking me if I want something else, have no paper for my refund and RE CHARGED me for something I already paid for and can't get me a receipt to show my refund?? HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE 

nick is arguing with me, telling me "you're the one who ordered wrong" 

Wow.. that's how you train your staff?? The employee is right?? I mean I guess y'all have enough business to treat people like that?? 

I kept telling him to quit while he's ahead.. not sure if he understood what I meant by that.. but I'd say, if Sunday's are the busiest day of the week. Maybe your real managers should be in the building, building business and repeat customers... not arguing with them, when I'm not the one who refunded me my money with out asking, not knowing and finding out from his co worker.. and then getting pissed off becuase I want a receipt?? Come on man!! Be better!! You all just like all other businesses are fighting for sales in this VERY saturated South Tampa area.. and if you don't care about my money or the next persons... then so be it.. but I won't be going back there.. terrible customer service by your guy nick and I let him know that.. hey nick this isn't how customer service works boss.. be better

Sent from my iPhone