Last time I was in this space was to hit golf balls on an indoor simulator about two years ago and the place suddenly shut down shortly after that visit.

The Golf Club, as it was known before, touted renovations but most of us knew it would never re-open unless some other owners bought it and decided to keep it a golf-themed bar and restaurant.

Also, many of us knew that the previous business was doing some things behind the scenes that they should not have been doing...and perhaps they closed down because it caught up with them.

So, fast forward to summer 2016 and Senor Tequila is now open here. I was very curious to see how they remodeled the place since the golf simulators were in private rooms and there was a pool table between all the rooms.

All of that is gone now in favor of a full dining room, while the bar and bar tables were pretty much left completely the same. That makes sense because the bar was always very nice and almost too nice for a golf facility.

The outside patio area is pretty much the same and that decor doesn't really fit the new concept, but I guess they didn't want to change that furniture. The only group sitting outside on a Saturday afternoon around lunchtime was a table featuring a couple women, three little girls and a huge red bird that was bigger than a couple smart cars parked nearby. 

Moving inside very quickly after seeing that, my attention from employees was rapid and friendly. While waiting for queso, I actually spoke to a guy sitting at the bar who also knew this place when it was The Golf Club and heard the same stuff about illegal things going on.

So, I doubt anything shady is going on here now and respect the job done on the remodel. This wasn't going to be as simple as changing photos and painting the walls a different color.

We tried the queso, because that's our thing, and we found it to be decent. I personally prefer yellow to white queso, but they feature the latter here and it was inexpensive. Also, as someone else smartly pointed out in their review, the salsa oddly has too much of a marinara taste to it.