Let me begin by saying that I had been to Allora before, for lunch, dinner, and Easter dinner with my family and had never been disappointd...in fact gave a great review on Yelp last Easter.  But last night, our woman's club had their annual holiday party there (for a change in venue) and disappointment was the consensus all around.  Over 30 local woman from our club attended the dinner.  The space allotted to us was fine;  large and pretty private.  The dinner selection was fine. We were promised "4 courses" for the, I think, $28.00 pp plus tax and gratuity.  The service was fine.  But here is an accurate description of the food and you be the judge.
First "course" was salad, which was served on a saucer sized plate and consisted of 3 literally forkfuls of salad.  Second "course" was another saucer of penne pasta.  I counted LITERALLY 6 pieces of tiny penne on my plate.  When I joked about it with my fellow members, everyone commented on how skimpy the serving was.  One person bragged she had gotten 7 pieces on her plate. I commented on this to the head server (who appeared to be the manager) and he said that he was giving us a bargain for 4 courses at such a price.  When I replied that he probably had paid like 30 cents for a pound of pasta to feed us all, he said, "oh I am only kidding..but the servings are intended to be appetizer size portions."  Sorry, dude, but 6 one inch penne is not an appetizer by any stretch, and since pasta is the cheapest thing you could serve, you could have at least given us, like 8 penne!  Our President was embarrassed by the negative comments (though it was not her fault) and she, too, told the manager of our disappointment. So by now we are all starving and filling up on bread.  Our entrees were on the smaller side compared to other Italian restaurants, but were acceptable.  The chicken parm I had was tasty and tender, and I think it was risotto with it, also creamy and tasty.  Those who had the short ribs said they were good.  The 4th "course" was dessert which consisted of a dish of 5-6 mini cannoli (they were dry and skimpily filled) and about a dozen very thin , small slices of soft biscotti (tasty) for the table of 8.  I mean it was "ok" as a dinner, but not what I had expected from my previous visits here, which had been much better.  To the managers:  when you have a group of Marlton woman coming into a Marlton restaurant, you should try to impress a little more, since we ae usually the decision makers on where we will bring our family to dine.  You missed the mark this time.