I've ridden past this place on the Cultural Trail before and always thought "Hrm, that looks interesting". Recently a friend moved into the neighborhood, so a group of us stopped by for dinner recently.

It was a beautiful evening with just a hint of rain in the air, so we opt'd to sit outside instead of waiting an unknown amount of time for a seat inside. It's a pretty small place, and with a group of 6 or more, your best bet will be to sit outside (if there already isn't a group there). Walking inside to use the restroom, I had to become pretty close friends with a group of table since I was rubbing up against them just to get past them. Oh, the men's restroom is marked, but the women's isn't. I realized this the second time I went back and realized I used the women's the first time. Hey, when you gotta go, you gotta go.

The tortas are named after celebrities that I'm almost positive haven't been there before. Instead of a picture of the sandwich, a picture of the celebrity was pictured on the menu. "Yes, i'll have the Ricky Martin please." "Um, excuse me, this is a sandwich. I ordered Rick Martin. See, his picture is right here." I don't think this would work.

Underneath the name of the celebrity in much smaller print is the description of the sandwich. Sorry.. tortas.  You can also make your own instead of opting for the celebrity recommendations (again, how can you trust a celebrity endorsement when they've never been there. Shady!). I almost did this, but I was afraid the server would take my picture and use it in the next revision of the menu if I became famous, and I hadn't fixed my hair. Perhaps next time.

In all honestly, the food was good, and if I'm in the neighborhood I might stop by. This isn't a "drop everything and head here" kind of place for me though. Instead, i'll be stopping by Bluebeards next door. 

Oh, a "gotcha" I wasn't expecting: order water, and you get a bottle of Nestle Purewater. Free refills? Uh, no. Also, watch out for the innocent looking pickled vegetables they bring out.. they pack quite the punch of heat. That's the hottest damn carrot I've ever had!