Our first visit tonight and WOW!!! Wow in the best way possible. A beautifully designed restaurant with a creative menu and unexpectedly GREAT service. I was impressed with how the restaurant seems to be running so smoothly after only recently opening even amidst a pandemic. Kudos to management for a well trained staff. From the hostess to the bartenders, bus boy, food runner and servers...every single person we interacted with was helpful, cordial and efficient. Even though the hostess was extremely busy(Saturday night rush), she was professional and kind to us and every person I observed. We sat near the hostess stand and were greeted quickly by a server who brought us drinks and chips/salsa so fast. The wait appeared to be pretty long so I periodically checked inside and finally lucked out with two seats open at the bar. A server, Allycia, noticed I needed to get my husbands attention from outside (I didn't have my phone) and she actually retrieved him and our drinks/chips/salsa from our outside seats. She wasn't even our server and I didn't even ask for help, she just took action which ended up helping me to save the bar seats and get off the wait list for a table. Next, the bartenders...these three were margarita making machines. Quickly helping bar guests while keeping up with the restaurant demands as well. The guy bartender was the most efficient bartender I've ever witnessed and his drinks were ON POINT! I feel bad I can't remember his name.
The food was YUMMY! We loved the chicken empanadas, crunchy on the outside, softer on the inside with a yummy sauce on the side. The enchiladas were good. Not my absolute fave ever but still noteworthy due to the broiled cheese and portion size. I think more enchilada sauce and using corn tortillas would have been more to my liking. My husbands quesadillas were right on point and also another great portion. All in all, a great addition to the Palm Harbor area. Please keep up the amazing work!
Some things to note: 
1. EVERY staff member was respectfully wearing a mask. 
2. The bar area can be a bit loud but what do ya expect on a Saturday night.  
3. You can(and should) call ahead to be added to the wait list. 
4. The hostess stand seems a bit chaotic, would probably make more sense to move it further out from the entrance/exit.