I recently went and tried The Mill on a Thursday evening. I was concered it would be mobbed but at 6:30-7 it wasn't.  My husband arrived first and they refused to seat him even tho I was 2 blocks down and on my way.  He grabbed a seat at the bar to wait for me and we ended up having our dinner there. 

First, the atmosphere:  Good lighting, Unique elements, Masculine, feels a bit like a Northern establishment with industrial touches. 

2nd - Service - As stated, we sat at the bar and had wonderful service.  Our bartender was fantastic, friendly, not overbearing and yet on top of it all thru the few hours we were there. 

3rd  Food - 
We had two lovely white burgundies for wine which were crisp and dry and chilled perfectly. 
The prices of the glasses added up to what we would pay for a bottle so I was happy they didn't gouge us. For appetizers, I would highly recommend you walk in and immediately order the Watermelon Bruscetta.  Hands down, incredible.  It's a fantastic size for sharing even tho I could have made a dinner out of it.  It was perfectly balanced with whipped feta, bits of heirloom tomatoes, small bites of watermelon and fine basil and mint.  I will absolutely order it again. 
2nd App - Heirloom tomatoes and roasted golden and red beet salad with a gorgeous creamy ball of burrata.  Wow - This was fantastic and very large. Definitely order it and share it!  We ended up bringing most of it home and had it for lunch paired with our main dish leftovers. Fantastic even the 2nd day. 
Main - We ended up sharing the crispy airline chicken.  I am torn on this dish.  After being so excited from the Appetizers, the main was a tiny bit of a let down. I am conflicted a bit on this dish.  It was 2 large chix breasts and the flavor was great.  It was however a very heavy dish. It was called crispy yard bird and it wasn't crispy.  That wasn't a deal breaker.  It had gravy on top, was over a bed of stuffing and had root veggies.  All tasty but just super heavy.  I ate about two bites and packed it up. 
My friend oredered the ancient grains risotto with short ribs and I stole a bit. It was delish and I think I would order that next time or try something else. 

I will definitely return and try some of the other items for mains but will absolutely order that watermelon bruscetta again and again and again and again and... well you get the picture.