I've been here a couple times, but the first time I didn't write a review out of laziness. My second trip here and I felt that the world should know about how fantastic this place is! I went around 2 with my boyfriend and his parents. It was pretty busy, but we were seating almost immediately from entering. There is indoor and outdoor seating available.

Our server was very helpful and gave recommendations if anyone wasn't sure what type of beer they wanted. Because it's a brewery, all of their beers are local and company made, which just adds to the uniqueness of the place. I had one called Last Days of Summer which was a sour ale with a bit of a mango and peach after taste - SO REFRESHING! I'm not one for IPAs or darker beers, so if you're into lighter, fun beers that aren't so hoppy, I recommend this one! However, if you're a true beer junky then there are plenty of other choices to pick from and sample, so don't let this pansy-beer review steer you away!

Now, the food. My first visit, I ordered a pastrami. I can't give great feedback on that because I have never had a pastrami sandwich before, but there was a lot of meat on it and it was great. This time around, I ordered their 15th Street Burger - SO GOOD! I have a few places around Tampa that I know to go to if I'm really craving a burger, and this is just another to add to my list! Smoked gouda, bacon, and beer-infused barbecue sauce? Take my money! I enjoyed it thoroughly and would also recommend this to those who are venturing in for their first time here!

We also ordered their beer cheese and pretzels for a little appetizer to share amongst us, and man oh man...the pretzels were very fresh and hot when they came out. Not too soft but not too chewy, they were perfect with their pepperjack fondue and porter mustard. I usually don't enjoy mustards given for pretzels, but TBBC's was absolutely yummy. 

The place itself is pretty spacious. It's a bit dim, but it comes together nicely and it's a fun atmosphere to be in with friends or family. 10/10 would recommend to all!