For a special treat, my work took a few of us out to Ruth's Chris for dinner. For many of my colleagues, it was their first time at the establishment. I had been once previously, shortly after it first opened. My memory didn't fail me, we were in for a feast!

We were greeted by the owner, who gave us a brief tour of the basement and the vaults. There are two vault rooms, one of which the owners themselves had to jack hammer the ceiling of in order to heighten the roof and put in a lighting fixture. Both vaults still have their original doors, but the doors have been propped open - so no fear about getting locked in!

We sat in the first vault room, which fit the 10 of us with ease. The servers were friendly, fun, and eager to explain the menu and make suggestions. My friend and I started with a pair of blue crab cakes, which were moist and flavourful.

I got the tenderloin, which is American beef. When Ruth's Chris first opened, many people were upset a restaurant would have the gall to serve American beef when our Alberta beef is so well-known and delicious. They do have two Alberta beef options, but the options are over-shadowed by the USDA options. The corn-fed American tenderloin was delicious and a bit sweeter, but the cooking in butter is a little bit much. It does make a great treat, but I'll stick to Alberta beef.

The sides are ordered extra, and come in a large family size order intended for 3-4 people. I tried the mushrooms, asparagus with hollandaise sauce, broiled tomato, and broccoli gratin. The broccoli and asparagus dishes were very tasty, with the asparagus definitely being a must-order for me. The broiled tomato is sweet, and more sugary than I remembers. The mushrooms were not for me.

For dessert, creme brulee! Exactly how creme brulee should be.

Ruth's Chris is a fantastic date and dinner location in our city. Definitely higher scale, so expect to spend minimum $100 per person. The food is scrumptious, the atmosphere is great, and the staff are amazing. Very out of my price range, but also a place I'd love to return to!