Wonderful market! Come early to find the best items in season. Need an extra hand? Wagons are available to help tote your bounty. You will also find plenty of free easy access parking allowing those in a time crunch to quickly shop and hustle. Or for those wanting to linger and enjoy the hum of the market morning I suggest visiting a few of my favorite vendors.  

My first stop is (Harvest Cafe Coffee) for a cup of smooth local roasted goodness. Usually hungry and looking for a spicy breakfast option I mosey over to (3 in 1 Restaurant) for a Pupusa.  This dish features a handmade corn tortilla like pancake paired with your choice of ingredients.  You can dress that tasty cake with Curtido which is a cabbage and lime based cole slaw, your choice of 3 tomato based sauces, and/or sour cream.  The acidity in the slaw and sauces provides a nice compliment to the dish.  I highly recommend the chorizo and egg option.  Pupusas are $3-$4.  A STEAL!  

Let's shop shall we!  (Homestead Heritage) is my go to for eggs.  They have my heart.  Buy them.  Buy lots of them!  Make your way over to (My Dads Sweet Corn) and grab a bag of the best tasting sweet corn in the state.  They will even set your bag aside so you can finish your shopping sans a heavy bag of corn.  (Shamrock Farms) is my stop for organically certified produce.  They have gorgeous heirlooms, beets, shitake mushrooms, rainbow chard, zucchini, jalapenos, and many other seasonal gems. Make a stop by (Simpsons Farm Market) for meat products raised on the pasture without antibiotics or fed GMO grains.  I love their Jalapeno & Cheddar Brats. So flavorful! (Dutch Heritage Market) is my next visit offering a huge selection of pesticide-free produce including apples, blackberries, squash, pumpkins, peppers, heirloom tomatoes, green beans, and much much more!  Those are just a few of my personal favorites but here you will find a full list of all the wonderful vendors at this market http://www.binfordfarmersmarket.com/food-vendors.html.

If Binford offered just few more breakfast choices and a few other local vendor favorites (Goose, 3 Days in Paris, Fermenti Artisan, Natural Born Juicers, Nicey Treat, Skillington Farms, Inc.) just to name a few, this market would be a 5 star location. Other then those few picky details this market is sure to please any shopper.