This place is really, really good.  Really, really hard to find, but pretty awesome.

After wandering (and usually getting disappointed) by the Uptown/Bywater 'Cue Joints, we took a ride outside the of the usual areas and headed to Gentilly.  This joint is located on Milton between Frenchmen and Elysian Fields, tucked a bit back from the road immediately beyond a small mechanic's shop.

The decor is pretty unassuming, but the place is kept up and clean.  Once you enter the joint, you order at what looks like a bar, but is not stocked/used as one.  The drinks are mostly cans/bottles.  A no-frills kind of place.  Believe it or not, they also have barbecue!  Probably should get to that part...

We arrived with a decent crew, so we ordered all the meats and sides in the form of two combos with a link.  They have Beef Ribs, Pork Spareribs, White and Dark Chicken, and Sausage.  The sides were Potato Salad, Baked Beans, Mac & Cheese, and Mixed Veggies.

On to the MEAT!

Beef Ribs - These were awesome.  Hands down the best in town.  Big, meaty, and tender.  All of the meat had a nice smoke ring and a solid hickory flavor.  The fat was rendered to a level of delicious guilty pleasure that is often hard to hit.  The big concern when we were served was the generous use of barbecue sauce - which I am usually not a fan of at all.  The King Sauce was surprisingly excellent.  It was a thinner version of a standard sauce.  I would guess it had molasses and vinegar added to a heavy tomato base.  Whatever it was, is was almost the star of the show - but still a distant second to the Pitmaster.  I could not tell if a dry rub was used because of the heavy sauce.

Pork Spareribs - These suckers were really good, too.  They are the full slab ribs, not the typical St. Louis trim style.  While you get a bigger rib, you also get that annoying cartilage as you dig for every little bit of smokey deliciousness.  Very tender, great pull on the bone, and nice smoke.  A really good rib.  Like the Beef Rib, these suckers were sauced to all get out - which was once again really tasty.

Chicken - Since we had an entire half Chicken we tried both the White and Dark Meat.  It was delicious.  The dark meat was incredible - tender, juicy, smokey, and sauced up.  I can't really say enough about the King's Sauce.  The white meat of good, with the breast 'cued about perfect.

The SIDES!

I am going to lump them all together in this review.  They were nothing special.  They did the job, and did not add or detract from the meal.  I would guess the Mac & Cheese and Potato Salad were not homemade, and were pretty bland.  The veggies were steamed veggies, and not anything spectacular.  The baked beans appeared to be from the can.  

As seen from my usual reviews, most of the sides around town appear to be pretty horrendous.  Although the beans were probably from a can, at least they were not crunchy!  The fact they didn't blow it with the sides is a good thing.

THE VERDICT!!!

Overall, I was surprised that I enjoyed sauce on my 'cue!  Definitely an exception.  The sides were just kinda there, but did not hurt the experience.  I am going Four and a Half Stars on these guys (half a star loss for the sides), which gets rounded up to a NOLA Record Tying Score of FIVE STARS!!!

Get out there and check out the little place that have been doing it right was a long time - I am pretty sure this 'Cue Joint is a off shoot of H&P Bar B-Q Masters of days gone by.