We all like Pho, right?  Well, most of anyways.  After all, it's just noodle soup that each individual spices up to their own liking. But not so fast. No customizing here. Your bowl will arrive with all the fixins included, so if you don't like it spicy, ask for no jalapeños. Same goes if you don't like mint or cilantro. 

As for the soup, it's really good! I got the chicken and pork meatball combo. The pork was very tasty, but the chicken?  Skip it. It lacks flavor and its drizzled with what tastes like a teriyaki BBQ sauce--not worth the extra 2 bucks in my opinion. Also, I ordered a half portion and it was plenty for me. 

The soup was slow to come out, but they just open, so I refuse to ding them for that. Patience is the key here. 

The main drawback here is the restaurant itself.  Florida is a sweltering hot state, especially along the west coast were we don't have the luxury of a constant seabreeze like the folks on the east side.  So as one might imagine, eating boiling hot soup requires a cool environment in which to do so, and from Arpil to December, PhoEdin isn't really going to provide that.  Why?  Because it is outdoor seating only.  Sure, it's shaded, but make no mistake, if you put one jalapeño too many in your broth, you'll be sweating like a hooker in a southern Baptist church.

Still, I think this place has potential, and it brings an a new element to Dunedin, Vietnamese fare.  Pisces Sushi just relocated from Main & US 19 to the downtown area, so it feels like there is a nice ethnic shift in the food's diversity happening right now, and I am a big fan.  Now all we need is a good Mediterranean joint!  

The numero uno positive with PhoEdin is location.  Sure, it's not on trendy Main Street, but it is right off the Pinellas Trail.  Lots of pedestrian traffic passing by this place on a daily basis.  In fact, it is how La Chica & I found it; just whizzing by on our bikes.  

By the way, this place is owned and operated by the same folks as Hog Island Fish Camp and Olde Bay Café, so trust in the food and support local business owners.  Go today!!