Okay first of all for me it was hard to find...but the guy came outside and flagged me down to where it was. Then I went in and ended up talking to some folks waiting for their order, nice people.  I checked out the prices..pretty expensive.. I had come from the vet with three dogs in the car waiting and asked the vet if I could ask the receptionist for a phone number for a place downtown...she asked what place. Turns out it was her husbands favorite place to go so she told me ALL about it and what to get. I got the beet burger with bacon and cheese. For the side order I got the potato salad which in reality is just fries. I dont know if they are sweet potatoe fries but they were kinda salty but the only fries in my life that I have eaten without ketchup. I did have a bottle of ketchup with me..dont ask...but I didnt need it. I also paid 4.50 for some kumbacho which I really dont like but the guy working there said it was good. Anyway I got my order...like nine dollars for the burger so about fifteen i guess for lunch....I tried to eat the meal while driving but was difficult...the burger was kinda thick but not huge for the price of it...but soo soo friggin good. The fries seemed to procreate when I wasnt looking because from tucson to casa grande I couldnt finish eating them...And I can down fries from eegees in like two minutes. The kumbacho was not strong but bubbly and I was so relieved for my acid reflux to go away if only for an hour or two. I hunted around for the same brand in casa grande last night..yes I would pay that much again for it for my stomach to be painfree. All in all I did think it was expensive but in reality I could never find a burger that good anywhere else..How did they make whatever it was taste like bacon? That bun was so good. Yes the dogs were trying to attack me for it but I gave them some never ending fries. I still have some in the fridge. I would go there again but I would try something new next time just because after having the burger taste so good, im sure everything else will too. Free parking too.