I love this place (and it was actually the first thing I found using Yelp--kudos, Yelpers). I love it maybe a little too much--when I walk in the door, the staff asks me if I'd like a menu, or if I'm going to order what I usually order (spicy beef pad thai, Thai iced tea, side of white rice, water; I'll branch out someday). The staff is always super friendly and just the right amount of attentive; when I go out to eat, I usually go alone and usually bring the textbook I should be reading, so I'm not up for a lot of chatty people. Everything comes out fast and hot, the portions are big enough so that I usually take about half of my pad thai home, and everything is really inexpensive (very, very nice for the grad students among us).

The Thai iced tea is the best I've ever had. It's rich and creamy and strong, just how it should be everywhere. I think they also have boba (and other boba drinks), which I do like, but why change something that's already perfect?

The meat in the pad thai is a little suspect (I'm pretty sure it's not beef--maybe it's pork?), but it's not like it's bad or anything. Their tofu pad thai is also pretty good. They're willing to make anything spicy, which I love, especially after having been too many places with super bland pad thai. Here even their non-spicy pad thai is a little bit sweet and tangy, with an extra lemon wedge to bring it all together. But personally, I think pad thai is a dish that deserves some heat.

Their menu says that their ice creams are made in-house, and I completely believe it. I had their red bean ice cream a few weeks ago, and in some places it tastes sort of like vanilla ice cream with sweet beans in it, but here, there's actual flavor and substance to it. It was creamy, but still kept its shape, so it wasn't too melty and didn't taste like it had sat in the freezer forever. I've got to make my boyfriend try the green tea ice cream, since as far as I'm concerned, he's the authority for that!

The chefs are totally willing to change things up (like adding chili to the pad thai), and they're open to making anything and everything vegetarian. If you need something changed even after they bring the food out, they're willing to help fix it so that you do enjoy it. It's a great little place, and I'm really glad I found it.