Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh! My physical therapist, who resides in nearby Land 'O Lakes, highly recommended this 11+ year old locally-owned franchise. I am SO HAPPY I heeded his advice! EVERYTHING WAS EXCELLENT, & it's all made from scratch! Due to the very good service & cleanliness of the dining room to the warm bagels & warm muffins, I just may be Big Apple Bagels' BIGGEST fan! 

Today, this location offered 24 varities of bagels --SEE PIC. Additionally, eight Jumbo Muffins were available @ 560 to 850 delicious, guiltless calories:) Five flavors of Mini Muffins were in the glass case, as well as one type of Croissant-- ya just gotta partake of the MOUTHWATERING CASE PIC! I have never seen a more IMPRESSIVE case of muffins ANYWHERE! Be sure to stop in on a Wednesday to get the Jumbo Muffins @ 50% off. 

Do see the pics of my HEAVENLY Key Lime Pie muffin (w/ its warm, perfectly flavored, flowing filling); AMAZING Georgia Peach Pecan muffin (w/ its fresh sliced peaches within); & DECEDENT Deep Dish Apple Pie muffin (w/ pieces of apple woven throughout the filling) to the EQUALLY EXCELLENT BAGELS-- Asiago; Jalapeño Cheddar; & Garlic. 

The muffins were BEYOND PHENOMENAL!-- all three were showstoppers! According to the friendly female staffer, the Cinnamon Crunch muffin is a customer favorite. Yet, it's two other muffins that call my name: Chocolate Cheesecake & Cherry Cheesecake. Mmmmm. 

Each bagel was INCREDIBLY GOOD-- just the right amount of crunch on the outside & chew on the inside. Each of the three had OUTSTANDING flavor! (The Asiago bagel was especially flavorful-- like biting into a block of the finest Asiago cheese!) Since submitting this review, I have returned again & again to try additional bagels-- SEE PICS. Only one bagel was average; that was the Blueberry variety. ALL the others I brought home (or dolled out to friends) were beyond DELICIOUS! 

The muffins & the bagels were warm & could not have been fresher! The last hour of each day, bagels are 50% off. Nice! Additionally, bagels are also 50% on Mondays. How can one resist!

Open 7 days weekly from 5:30 AM to 3 PM weekdays & from 5:30 AM to 2:30 weekends, patrons can enjoy breakfast from open to close. The menu offers up 6 Breakfast Sandwiches; 7 Speciality Sandwiches; 6 Gourmet Sandwiches; 2 Triple Deckers sandwiches; Gourmet Muffins; & 5 Bagels & Cream Cheese "deals." Don't forget to check out the case of flavored cream cheese spreads! 

Old-Fashioned Strawberry Cake is June's Coffee of the Month. (Enjoy it w/ June's Strawberry Cake Muffin.) A full selection of Brewster's Coffee (hand-roasted & speciality) is available, as well as Lattes & Smoothies-- see wall menu pic. There are other culinary items that didn't make the menu; I really suggest you drive over to see what they are! Should it be catering you desire, patrons may select from 7 platters that include bagels, sandwiches, & muffins.

The small dining room, complete w/ three TVs & a drink station, was very clean. Rather sit under the sun? There is a front patio complete w/ four metal tables & chairs (see pic); canines are welcome. This bagel eatery is on Hwy 54, a short drive west of Brunchies. You may order at the counter; order online for pickup; &/or order via DoorDash for delivery. 

I apologize for all the SCREAMING capital letters, but this bagel & muffin eatery knocked it out of the park! I try to avoid carbs, so I was reluctant to stop in, but after listening to my acquaintance brag about the made-from-scratch foods, I just knew I had to visit. It was the first of many upcoming visits! W--0--W. Just W0W.