When I was living in San Diego all I was thinking about was getting my hands on a Santucci's pie. Pizza out in San Diego, well all of Southern California is horrendous. It is never cooked right, I would always ask if they can make it well done. They love that doughy pizza out there, and the crust, don't even get me started. Plus the taste is bland, more like there is none. The saying is so true when they say "You can't have your cake and eat it too". The weather, and scenery hands down is unbelievable, but the pizza isn't.

Well guess what Yelp fam, I'm back and I'm singing that song Cheek to Cheek every time I walk in. I'm pretty sure Fred Astaire would be content with my voice. (Check the footnote at the end of this review.)

What makes a good pizza stand out from the others? It's all about the foundation. The crust, the dough, and that sauce. You need some kind of tang to it where it just stands out from the rest. Santucci's nails it in every which way. Yes I know there are plenty of establishments out there that also meet those standards, and I too am a fan of them. 

Pizza~ Now this isn't your traditional pie, this is not that perfect circumference one is used to. If you're the type that loves toppings on a pizza then I suggest you rock out The Works pie. Now this bad boy has some weight to it, so be ready. I also enjoy their Margherita pie with that fresh basil taste to it, hitting your taste buds from left to right with every bite. Pieces of mozzarella and tomatoes strategically placed throughout this work of art. 

Here is something else we enjoyed, and it's their wings. Garlic Parm wings for the win my friends. Nice sized meaty wings that will take you more than one bite to finish.

Now if you're not into pizza Santucci's menu is pretty impressive from sandwiches, flat breads, burgers, even down to pasta dishes. Santucci's also do brunches for those who can't decide if they want breakfast or lunch. Let me tell you I'm all about that brunch menu. If you can't find something on this menu that will raise an eyebrow, you might as well just leave. 

In closing I leave you with this. Seeing the area you are in with other establishments doing their thing Santucci's has been here holding it down, and I really don't see them going anywhere. I love this area with the competition all around. 

With kind regards,
-Nando
P.S. Santucci's is considered an O.G. (Original Gangster) in my opinion.


**Footnote** 
A few verses from Cheek to Cheek: Heaven, I'm in heaven, 
And my heart beats so that I can hardly speak
And I seem to find the happiness I seek
When we're out together dancing, cheek to cheek.
~ Fred Astaire