Even though I got body-slammed by a server, I'm increasing Blue Tavern to 5 stars.

Quick weekend trip and wanted to come back and see if we still liked it here. We were seated at a two-top in the middle of the floor - the last one before the end of the restaurant, and directly in front of the opening to the pizza oven area. Totally fine spot to watch the pizza oven goings-on - and toasty warm there too.  We started with the tuna crostini - finally - they were out of it last time - and it was absolutely over-the-top delicious. Also had the Branzino again...it was equally as good as last time....as well as green beans with a soy-ginger (I think) marinade - yum. Daughter had the mushroom pizza and it was a bit spicy - in a good way. Oh, also - really important - the server let us know that all the crafted cocktails could be done in a non-alcoholic version. KUDOS Blue Tavern for that tidbit. There is nothing worse than being out for a fancy meal, and the teens have to order something stupid like Mexican coke or Orangina or whatever. How do you think those flavors pair with their meal? Okay, okay, she did order pizza this time, but she usually orders mussels or roasted chicken etc. Anyway, too few restaurants pay attention to this detail so clap clap clap for you Blue Tavern.

Okay - now the body slam...and a suggestion. Because we're in the middle of the floor, the servers are jetting back and forth on both sides. For the most part it's fine and not that noticeable. But, just as a server on one side of us was bringing an item, on the other side a dude was jetting so fast that he miscalculated and slammed right into my arm - hard. He apologized as he kept moving....and the woman serving us was like "are you okay?" "are you sure?" because she saw how hard it was. Yes I was okay. And he came back to apologize again ("I didn't do it on purpose" - yeah - I know that dude - that's a weird thing to say cuz who would have thought you did?). So here's the recommendation: SLOW DOWN servers. Seriously - you don't need to jet by so quickly.

I'll still be back....I'll just try to be more than a party of two so I don't get seated there LOL.