I've been excited to come try this place out since I saw they were building it a while back. I finally got to try it, and was not disappointed! I've lived in Riverview my whole life, and it's a smaller town- so there aren't too many good, sit down restaurants nearby. 

I love the friendly environment, and the huge patio space outside. They are pet friendly too, so you can bring your doggos and watch the game outside on their big, flat screen TV's! They have TONS of TV's inside too- so it's really great for events like the Super Bowl. 

I started with the Wannabe Shrimp, and I fell in love! Breaded, crispy shrimp with just the right amount of sweet and spicy! This is an appetizer I get every time I come now. I usually can't handle things that are spicy, but this dish has a great balance. I definitely recommend!

I got a Pineapple Mojito to drink, but I was craving some more flavor in it. My waitress recommended adding some strawberry purée to it, and it tasted great! Definitely recommend this to my fruity drink lovers!

For my main dish, I ordered the Ranchero Chicken Wrap with a side of Mashed Potatoes. The mashed potatoes surprised me, because they were seasoned really well! Something you don't usually expect from a place serving a variety of bar foods. The wrap was tasty too, and came out quick!

Since coming to this restaurant, I met the sweetest waitress ever! Lily is so helpful and such a nice person to talk to. She was great at recommending drinks based on what I told her I liked. Lily was super attentive- even though she had so many other tables, and I really appreciated her! She even brought my dog a bowl of water without me asking, and I just love how personable she is. I request her every time I go to Glory Days now. Her personality and humor just brightened up my day after such a stressful shift at work. The staff is truly so sweet!

I love that all of the tables have booths (except for the high tops in the bar area), and it's always clean! Quality service, and a quality community of people working there! They even have a daily happy hour, Wine Wednesdays, and other great specials!

Glory Days has definitely got me as a regular customer now! So glad I tried this place out!