The interior of this space is almost unrecognizable to anyone who frequented the former Cooper's on Porter. Gone is the wall behind the bar, which now opens to show inside the kitchen. The weird booths in the middle that segmented the restaurant have been replaced by two brick columns, which gives it a much more open feel. We sat in the back, where an open garage door overlooks the patio, allowing in the fresh air while still keeping us out the rain.

Their menu design needs a little work, but they have an impressive wine list, though more bottles than by the glass, and several beers in bottles, though only two drafts. We didn't get an appetizer, though they had a nice selection plus a special not on the menu. Instead, we split a Caesar salad. The dressing was really light despite coating the lettuce entirely, but could have used a little extra oomph. The croutons were made from the same bread we were served with olive oil -- nice and garlicky.

Speaking of garlic, let's get to the entrees. I ordered the half portion of the potato-suffed ravioli with crawfish tails, butter and lemon. Very flavorful, with a nice garlic-laden broth of some sort as a sauce. The crawfish tails were huge, very shrimplike for what I'm used to (I'm from around here, so growing up I ate my share of "crawdaddies" that didn't resemble these at all), and the potato filling in the ravioli was basically creamy mashed potatoes -- smoother than the consistency of the usual ricotta. The ravioli was slightly undercooked on the edges, but I still inhaled it. And a great deal for only $9 ($17 for a full portion).

He tried the pizza with lamb sausage, fennel, tomatoes and arugula. Not too crusty, but not cracker-thin (we both prefer a crust on the thinner side), and generous with the toppings, though a little skimpy on the sauce, but that may be their style. No complaints -- and at $11, a decent deal for gourmet pizza.

We arrived around 6:30 on a Friday night and were sat immediately, though probably just in the nick of time, since there was a huge line out the door when we left. As far as service goes (since I've seen complaints), our drinks took a while to arrive, but our server was very apologetic. And at least two other people (owners?) stopped by during the course of our meal to ask how everything was -- I imagine they just want to make a good first impression, which they certainly did. When our food didn't arrive as soon as she had promised, our server offered to buy us a second round of drinks, even though we weren't complaining. And then our food arrived immediately after that. So ... free drinks for not-really-that-slow service? I'll definitely be back.

Although to second another reviewer... where was the hostess stand? And more importantly, this place needs a website, or at the very least a Facebook page. I know it's owned by the same folks who run Eastland Cafe, so I figure they are just trying to do a soft opening for a few weeks before they start heavy promotions, but if it weren't for a food blogger posting about them, I wouldn't have known they were open.