On the suggestion of Yelp Nashville's very own, Marcia M., I gave this place a whirl this evening for dinner.

I'm going to have to say that I greatly enjoyed the overall experience.  The building is one of the refurbished homes in the East End with two fireplaces.  Now, we didn't sit near the fireplaces but if you go during the winter (they do accept reservations) and if you like to be uber-warm or just like sitting next to the fire, then by all means you should request to sit next to one of the great fireplaces.  If you go in the summer or spring, they look like they have a great patio - but at 37 degrees with winds from the NW at 15mph you could say we decided to forego sitting outside.

I'll allow Merritt G. to review her own meal (she's in my friend's section).

From the robust wine list, we ordered a $28 bottle of Spanish wine in the 'Red Alternatives' section.  There are wine sommeliers and then there are know-nothings.  I'm a know-nothing about wine! (Didn't see that comin', did ya?)  Yeah, so I thought my alternative red from Spain was pretty damn good.  Don't like wine, they had interesting sounding specialty beer brews and interesting sounding mixed drinks (like bourbon with maple syrup... uh, yes, please) that I'd return to try.

For a starter, we had a "weekly special" avocado salsa.  The avocados were definitely fresh and I could taste a faint bit of the lime juice in the salsa and the red onions in the pico/salsa were not overwhelming.  What was underwhelming (and part of the 4 stars) were the chips.  They were definitely store bought (it felt, looked and tasted like).  In fact, they looked, felt and tasted like private label store brand chips, not even the national brand stuff.  Super disappointing given how good the salsa was.

For a main dish, I had the sirloin (cooked medium rare) served over Parmesan cheese grits and carmelized onions.  The steak was cooked just right and the seasoning was well done - albeit a bit peppery, but I like it like that.  I'm spicy!  The cheese grits were creamy and the carmelized onions blended well with the Parmesan.   A second reason for the 4 stars was the 16oz. (my super rough guess) of shredded lettuce served over the steak and grits.  I'm a big fan of greens and momma would be proud that I ate my veggies... but seriously, they coulda put half the amount of lettuce on top as a garnish.

Dessert... a meal I rarely partake. I know... I'm weird.  I had the day's special of an apple cinnamon crepe with two mini (like 1 ounce) scoops of vanilla ice cream.  With crepes, as long as you don't screw up the crepe part, the rest should follow (with good taste) naturally.  Rumours East did not screw up the crepe.  It was a good dessert, but I probably wouldn't order it again (remember, I'm weird, dessert isn't really my thing).

My service was stupendous, and from what I could tell both servers (the only two I could see in the restaurant) were attentive to the customers without being overly hovering servers.   They both did a good job, and I like that the hostess was walking around the dining room occasionally to fill people's water glasses.  

I recommend Rumours East for dinner, and would likely return simply for drinks.