The only reason this place doesn't get 5 stars off the bat is *because* it's an off the bat review.  But I got an excellent first impression from a restaurant my friend and I decided to give a shot on a whim; literally driving by and saw it on the sidelines, and Mexican sounded really good.  The swerve, back up and park move my friend pulled was illegal in at least 3 ways.

Now, if you're looking for Juan's... this is not your place.  Why you're looking for chaotic, unpleasant to the point of vile, condescending service (I'm looking at you, Juan's on Magazine) I have no idea anyway.  I guess hipster tex-mex for a half decent price, and rank margaritas the bartender will argue with you over after calling them out for using some b.s. to substitute the Sour mix they were obviously out of, is worth the aggravation.  But I digress.

This is very straight forward, not trying to be anything-but-Mexican fare.  And that's exactly what I wanted and have had the damnedest time finding in New Orleans.  I didn't pay much attention to the atmosphere since we were sat towards the front, but from what I recall it's pretty simple bar and restaurant setup with a couple TVs.  The chairs were comfortable.  They were playing a kind of generic pop station, but I'm used to that, and it wasn't cranked up that I couldn't hear my friend across talk.  

But I'm here to talk about the food and the service, and both were excellent.  

Service: My friend, who is transitioning to Vegan and is the *biggest* pain the the rear to go out to eat with, was accommodated with very minimal grimacing.  That's a joke- the waiter was a bit confused as she rattled off the alterations she wanted to her grilled shrimp fajita, but he brooked no argument at all with her, even when what she ordered in no way could be misconstrued as a shrimp fajita.  And it came out exactly as she ordered.  I just wanted the twin burritos, no meat and I added cheese (I'm not any kind of vegetarian, I just love a good bean burrito).  Both orders came out super-super fast, hot, sizzling and fresh.  The waiter checked on us several times (like, two or three times just under overkill.. noted, but not annoying).

Food: complimentary chips and salsa.  Chips were warm, the salsa was simple... my friend thought it was bland but I actually like it very uncomplicated so it was fine with me.  A little kick, very tomato-y, not chunky.  The burritos were my favorite style: soft-soft tortillas, only filling inside was the beans, all the fixins all on top and smothered in tangy red sauce and cheese.  Her "fajitas" were delivered sizzling on cast iron pan.  Well seasoned, veggies were crisp but not undercooked, the shimp was good quality and fresh.  Drinks were fountain, so none of that bringing you a can/bottle and charging you for "refills" bullshit some of the restaurants around here like to pull.  

So yeah, to recap, good quick service, attentive waiter, and the food was exactly what I wanted.  Just know what you want, when you go for Mexican.  Will go again.  And then again.  Gonna run it by my lunch group, since I work not far away.  

I loved you at first site, Las Margaritas.