When we called to get reservations at the Italian restaurant at the GSR, they couldn't accommodate us.  I asked them to suggest the best Italian restaurant they knew of, so they sent us to Johnny's. The staff at Johnny's got us in right away and did a great job to make us feel welcome and comfortable.  I wasn't too sure about the decor when I first arrived because it looked a little old school - like it might have seen its best days about 10 years ago - but the food made up for it. The autographed black and white pictures of stars on the wall reminded me of the old-time Italian joints in New York. I recognized a few of the people in the pictures, but they were from a loooong time ago. 

The Good: The food.  Everyone really enjoyed their meals almost without exception.  We tried the Petrale Sole which was cooked perfectly, the spaghetti Bolognese which had a great long cooked flavor, The fettuccine Alfredo with chicken which was a little heavier on the cheese flavor versus cream compared to most I have tried, but it was still good.  Their Carbonara was very good as was their veal dish.  The warm Italian bread was also a standout along with their Caesar salad.  In fact, I'd say I enjoyed the balance of their caeser dressing more than any place I have been to in recent memory.  Not too citrus heavy and still occasional strong garlic hints.  Very, very good. Lastly, we tried every desert they had except the cheesecake and they were all very good.  I even ended up eating the whole plate of canaloni, which I usually can't stand, but these were really good.  The tiramisu, Florentine bowl, and pecan rolled ice cream were all memorable and delicious as well. The espresso martini is well worth having as well.
The service was done well and professionally.  Attentive without being intrusive.  Meals all delivered promptly without any issues.
   
The Bad: When you walk from the bar back to the seating areas, you pass two wine storage closets with glass doors and floor to ceiling racks.  The top row of bottles in both closets had been seriously overheated, because the corks had all pushed out of the top of the bottles tenting the foil caps and in a couple bottles, the corks actually broke through the caps and were about 1 inch out of the bottle! It looks like they were using a standard incandescent bulb at the top of the closet to light the bottles and this had obviously heated the bottles repeatedly causing the corks to protrude.  Not good for wine storage!!!  At the end of the meal I brought our waiter, who had treated us well and we really enjoyed, to the displays and showed him what I had seen.  He must have asked the manager because she came over and said that the wine on top was not sold and just there for demonstration. The regular wine was stored by the bar.  While I was glad to hear that they wouldn't sell that wine to anyone, I told her that just seeing those overheated bottles of wine would be enough to stop me from ordering any wine from their menu. That's like hanging a moldy, putrid steak in the window and saying, "don't worry the ones we actually serve are stored in the kitchen.  That's just there for looks." Guys, change to LED bulbs (generates no heat) and get the bad wine out of there!!!! 

The Mediocre:  The garlic polenta served with some of the meals lacked much in the way of flavor, so it didn't add much to the meals. The spumoni ice cream was just OK, but still not bad.

Overall: I was pleasantly surprised at the food at Johnny's! While it might not have been the best ever, it was very good all the way across and definitely someplace I would return to for a good Italian meal.  Good job!!