I was really excited to try this place because they had baked rolls!!! Bring on the lion King roll.

We started off with:
CC - crab, cream cheese, veggies in a fried wonton roll
Miso Soup - Really Really Good!
Calamari - Fried Rings
Baked Mussels - Standard AYCE Appetizer, Always Good. 

Rolls & Nigiri: 
Lion King - Baked Salmon Roll
Baked Scallop Roll - Scallops on top of a California Roll w/ spicy mayo
Hangover - Salmon, Lemon, Jalapeño, Ponzu Sauce, Crystal shrimp, and hot sauce
Samurai - Spicy Tuna, Habanero, Baked Roll - Eat with the Lettuce!!!
Philadelphia Roll - Smoked Salmon, Creamed Cheese, avocado
Playboy - Tuna, shrimp, crab, avocado , garlic Ponzu sauce, teriyaki, and fried onion
Salmon Maki - Salmon, Mayo, Onion
Donald Duck
Mickey Mouse
Hamachi Nigiri

The nigiri was fresh and delicious and came in large portions, no need to order more after what we got for two people. 

The baked rolls were a little disappointing - the baked rolls tasted, well BURNT. Like they had been torched and allowed to get that hard charcoal taste without actually having any burned or charred areas. Maybe need to clean the oven? The samurai roll was good as eaten with the lettuce provided. Could barely finish it without the lettuce though. The lion king and baked scallop rolls both were over powered with the taste of mayo - not spicy mayo - just mayo. The alarming part was that the rolls were cold on the inside and the rice was really hard like the rolls were frozen or refrigerated before they were baked. 

The raw rolls were pretty good - standard philly roll. 
The hangover roll was pretty good would definitely get it again. I think the jalapeño saved it from being too bland. Definitely hit the spot if you like the standard 49er/Sierra roll - adds a little kit to it. 
The playboy was very different but I liked it. It has a variety of flavors with shrimp, crab, and tuna. The garlic Ponzu sauce and teriyaki sauce were very complimentary and well portioned. 

The restaurant isn't' very busy and we were seated immediately in the corner. The ambiance is calm and quiet, lots of Asian décor. The service was still a bit slow and the server seemed to be put-out by our questions. She was nice enough to ask if we wanted to continue our order as we began to slow down our eating. The baked rolls just weren't good - so we did our best to finish them. $25 for AYCE dinner - not bad. 

Service - 4 stars
Nigiri - 5 stars
Rolls - 4 stars
Ambiance - 5 stars
Price - 4 stars

I will definitely give it a second try with friends that swear by this place. Maybe I'm missing the secret menu or something. Also - there's a ramen side to the restaurant!