I recently stayed at Gaylord for a convention. While not a huge fan of Gaylords - I'm more of the outdoorsy, camping type - I am compelled to write this review due to the outstanding  "as good as it gets" guest service I received.  Especially want to give a shout out to Eric, G S Agent.  I arrived very late, about 1:45am, to find out they had given my room away for the first of 3 nights.  Ok, that isn't what I liked. It was how they handled it.  ERic immediately and repeatedly apologized and said they had alternate plans for me.  They were putting me up across the street at the Radisson, which they own.  He gave me a voucher to show front desk plus two cab vouchers.  I was across the street and into a very nice room in about 10 mins time max.  Eric also promised to upgrade me when I returned the next day.  When I returned I got a great room with balcony overlooking Delta Atrium and only steps from the convention center - which is a BIG plus as the Gaylord is HUGE!  The largest non-casino hotel in the country.  I arrived back to my room late afternoon to find a cheese, cracker and fruit plate and a nice letter of apology.  They managed to turn a potentially furious customer into a fan of their service.
The other impressive thing about the Gaylord is the ventilation / climate control system. You know how conferences are always freezing cold or too hot.  In the 3 days I was there every room was the same comfortable temperature - I assume 72 degrees cause that's what the "outside" temp was on my room thermometer. So don't let hotels ever again say it isn't possible to have good climate control!  Maybe it helps to have the whole place under a glass roof. But it works. 

So while I'm still not a fan of an all contained vacation atmosphere the Gaylord offers including river boat rides on man made river, I am a fan of their great service, clean comfortable rooms and convention center and especially their staff!  Enjoy, I 'm sure many folks would love the entire experience.  But go downtown if you want to experience the real Nashville!