As someone who is dying to go to New Orleans, I am known for gravitating towards anything resembling their food or culture.

I'd heard a lot of great things about Crispy Cajun, so on a warm evening I hopped in the car with Christoph and off we went. 

Just to let you all know, the Google maps app gives the wrong directions. We almost drove right by it when I spotted the sign. If you're heading west on Drew Street it'll be in the plaza to your left, just before N. Mercury Avenue. If you hit the light for NE Coachman you've gone too far.

Once we parked and went inside, I wasn't quite sure what to expect. It's very spacious inside and definitely looks more like a to-go place (which it is) than a sit down restaurant. We were greeted immediately and found a seat at a cute little booth. That seemed like the perfect place until our food came out. All I can say is, there's a reason they serve it in take home boxes... 

Before I tell you about the entrees, I have to mention that we were given a delicious sample of gumbo. I'm telling you now, THIS stuff is worth writing home about! I'm not even a huge fan of spices and I still managed to finish every bite because the flavors were exceptional!

As for our mains, Christoph had a huge box of jambalaya and I went for the catfish dinner. My dinner came with FOUR hand battered catfish filets, a load of fries, two pieces of garlic bread, rice & beans, and coleslaw. It could've fed two people easily.

I know you must be thinking, "Okay, so they give you a lot of food, but how did it taste?" 
Growing up, my Daddy used to comment on people's cooking, and the phrase I heard him say the most was, "It's so good it'll make your tongue slap your head off!"
That's what I have to say about Crispy Cajun. This place is homemade heaven and after talking to Donnie, one of the owners, you can tell that this food is made with love.

Inbetween bites of tender catfish I munched on fried okra and even got to try Crispy Cajun's homemade buffalo sauce with it. Mmm, mmm, mmm! And after we stuffed ourselves to our heart's content, though we had plenty of leftovers, we got an order of beignets to go.

We enjoyed our beignets next to a beautiful lake at a park in Clearwater that evening. They were just the right amount of sweet and satisfying. Next time I'd like to have them with of a hot cup of coffee on the side, just like they do at the cafes in Nola.