Came to try Sangiovese for the first time during Devour. Why have we not been here before, you ask? Because they are always booked up and we are lazy at making reservations (Hint, hint). We smartened up and made a reservation for a Thursday and were happy we did. 
First, the Devour menu was wonderful (and INCLUDED a cocktail or wine). Although we stuck to the limited devour menu, the regular menu looked amazing. It was hard to stick to the plan - Devour only! 
For cocktails: we opted for a "Hunka burnin love" which reminded me of a chocolate martini. It was very good and (get this) had a peanut butter rim with crispy yummy crumbles on it! My husband had a "live and let die" with pineapple and lime notes. I very much dislike rye and enjoyed this drink. 
Appetizers: The husband had a tomato bisque with (optional) lump crab meat. It was very good, rich and slightly chunky, with lotsa flavor. It was for the true tomato lover. I opted for the Cesar salad with (optional) anchovies. Let me tell you... this was a traditional Cesar salad, but done perfect. The dressing was clearly house made and creamier than cream. Amazing. 
Dinner: We had penne ala pesto and risotto aka Sangiovese. We liked both, but didn't love. The pesto dish was a penne with mushrooms, shrimp in a pesto cream sauce. I found it heavy on sauce and heavy on the pesto (as opposed to being more of a light cream sauce with a little pesto). The risotto was good but almost had too many flavors going on. Portions were large and they came out piping hot! 
For dessert: we got one of each a cannoli and a tiramisu. Both were good. The cannoli had to be made in house as it was crispy and fresh with a perfect creamy filling. The tiramisu was liked better by my husband (not a coffee drinker) than me (coffee drinker). I could hardly taste the espresso, he was happy it was barely there.
The service was lovely, the atmosphere was very nice and high end. I don't love too fancy, and although it came across super fancy, the staff made it feel more personable and less stuffy. During Covid, they did a nice job of social distancing and other precautions. We felt well taken care of. 
We will likely be back to try different entrees because I am determined to give 5 stars. I think we just lucked out on our choices and it was likely a taste preference over quality, but we will try again.