Five years ago this month, we began eating at the Wisdom Diner when driving to/from D.C. (usually dinner in each direction - and several times/year).  We'd always loved going there and really looked forward to each visit.  However, we've now had two miserable experiences in-a-row (a total aberration - but nevertheless....).

When we ate there two months ago, the hostess departed partway through our meal and she left an elderly man in charge.  Not only was he nasty and not only did he sneeze into his hands and then handle some food, but I think in all honesty that he's rather senile.  For all of those reasons, he had no business being left in charge.

When we ate there two nights ago, I ordered the caramelized salmon.  I'd ordered that dish there on more than one previous occasion and it was really good, but this time it was absolutely a *disaster*; the caramelized sauce had the consistency of a *rock*.  Seriously; I could have broken a tooth when trying to chew a piece of the sauce (yes, it was so hard that it was actually a *piece* of sauce), which I finally had to extricate from my mouth - and when I tried cutting into the salmon, it was literally impossible to cut through the sauce (I could have impaled it and used it as a weapon).  Also; our server had started out really friendly - but every time I needed to get her attention (as with the inedible food - and prior to that I'd asked for extra napkins, but she didn't bring them ), she kept sitting at the counter with her back to the tables and the busboy had to keep calling out to her.  As an aside, the small salad that came with the meal was a piece of junk this time (essentially just limp iceberg lettuce) and I barely touched it.  Anyway; our server took back the salmon and I ordered something else.  One more thing:  our meals came with dessert and I had my usual (bread pudding - and theirs is delicious & the serving size is generous).  My husband chose the apple pie, and I'm not exaggerating when I say that the portion consisted of exactly two large *bites* of pie.  That lent new meaning to "minuscule".

After two negative experiences, we'll give them just one more chance.  Meanwhile; the reason why I'm changing my five-star rating to a four-star instead of a three-star, is because we had so many terrific experiences there for five years.