So this last week I was on vacation in Reno, and came here a scary amount of times. Right now due to health reasons I must be on a vegan gluten free diet. This makes it very hard for me to eat out, but there salad bar was a great option for me, and not to expensive! And they have great allergen information available on there website. We must have come here 7-8 times, and I was happy each, and everytime.
My dad was disappointed in the cheese toast it was toasted on one side, and floppt soggy on the other, somethings wrong with the way they toast there bread, because it sadly just never seemed to look right.
And this sizzker is very well managed, always seemed to be a manager around to make sure you were satisfied with your visit.
The salad bar was for the most part always kept re-stocked well, some cross-contamination potential, but they were trying hard to keep it as clean as they could, I understand it's hard when it's so busy.
The fruit selection was very impressive for the salad bar, honey dew, oranges, mini apples, pineapple, watermelon, kiwi, and grapes. I don't remember other Sizzler's I've been too having that good of a selection on the fruit, but maybe they did, and I just am not remembering correctly. They also had some canned fruit, but that was to close to the pudding for me, cross-contamination potential there.

Would have been a 5 star review if my dad would have been happy with the bread,
He got the malibu chicken, with a baked potato usually. A couple times he ended up with a burger, but that was disappointing, because again the bun was all weird toasted on one side, but soggy, and floppy on the other. He went with a different side of baked beans one day, and was very disappointed it was like 4 bites worth of beans. :/ And the bacon in the beans was fatty.

Would definitely recommend the salad bar, and it seemed like my dad was happiest when he got the malibu chicken, with the baked potato.
Also price is cheaper for the salad bar before 4pm, so try to go during lunch time. But honestly it's a good deal anytime of day. Way better than the other expensive buffets in Reno.