I've been shopping at Mom's for about three years and really love it. I love the variety and quality of the produce section and the meat section. I also don't have to worry about whether the item I've picked up is organic because it is all organic. While I like Whole Foods and Trader Joe's for a few items, I always find myself having to constantly check if the item I've gravitated towards is organic or not which can be annoying.

They have really good prices which are usually in line with Trader Joe's or not much higher. They also have produce items that I can't find in other places or if I do find them, they are at much higher prices than Mom's. The employees check on you to see if you have questions but not in an interrupting salesperson way. It feels more like you've run into a friend who happened to mention where to find something.

The meat is not only quality pasture raised or grassfed with very little additives, but is lower cost than farmers markets or other shops. I also love the way its packaged making it easier to store and that I don't have to buy more than I really want because small packs are available.

They also have a generous frozen section where you can find so many things whether you are looking for vegan, vegetarian, grain free or gluten free. I also love the variety of things you can buy in bulk- spices, nut butters, rice, pasta, beans, all kinds of nuts and so much more.

They give you a generous cup of coffee, tea or hot chocolate free when you are shopping which helps keep my husband and teenagers happy when shopping. I also love how they keep getting new products and invite vendors in to offer samples so you know whether you want to buy something before making the purchase. Their vendors always give great information too and it doesn't feel like they are trying to sell you something.

They also have a great return policy and always are fair. One time something was bagged wrong and the entire contents spilled in our car. We called Mom's right away and they put aside a replacement for us.

We always have a great time shopping and I especially love those moments where an employee shares some information I didn't know about and sometimes my husband and I get to share something with them that has made our life healthier or better.

The staff here are also more knowledgeable than they are in other stores about vitamins or herbal therapies. They helped me find a homeopathic treatment for my daughter's headaches that is easier for her to take and that works very well. They really have a great variety of vitamins and natural remedies for colds and similar ailments which are also in different forms. Anything from sprays to vapor rubs, to tablets and teas- so many variations of intensity too. If you want something spicy or mild, they have both.
Another thing we like is the free filtered water available in cups already filled in the section where they have drinks (by the registers).

I try other stores hoping to get something better or cheaper, but I am always coming back to Mom's.