Wow this is a hard one to rate. I am wavering between a 3.5 and a 4.0. The place is in a very historic building and local. I took a walk through and felt there was promise of a good local eatery and entertainment. They have a pool table and game room upstairs with some tables and chair. I usually go to Wegmans or Starbucks to play scrabble but this place would be different. 
Food and drinks on Scrabble night a plus!  I noticed they have music, karaoke, and something else going on so basically something different to do during the week. Promising!

The food.....I ordered the Atomic burger and a Honey Ginger cocktail and my husband ordered the pulled pork sandwich. He liked his sandwich and the hand cut fries that came with it. The waitress brought me the wrong burger at first. I ask if it was the right one because it looked a bit plain and she said the spices were in the burger.  After I took a bite or two another lady came over with our waitress with the right burger. They apologized for the error. The burger was ok. My husband says I am not a fan of the kaiser roll but I think restaurants should have the softest role and kaisers just don't do it for me. Change the roll to improve the burger. Now the fries were awesome. I think I should have ordered the chili fries instead. We ordered a pineapple pudding for desert which was good. My husband liked it too. The Honey Ginger drink was strong and good so a plus plus there.  Would definitely do a drink night for girls night out.  It was hard to rate the food because I think I need to try a few other things. Their food ranged from casual to fancy. 

The staff seemed nice. Our waitress tried. I think there were some inexperienced staffers there. An experienced waitress would have brought water when serving a hot sandwich.  There were little things but trainable things. There were a few people there that really tried hard to make the dining experience pleasant. This is just one of those places that I will have to try again and order something else to try.