A co-worker and I went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago.  We went to this place based on the extremely strong referral that I had received from another business associate.  

We arrived at 12:30 pm and were the only customers.  What a shame.  The owner seated us and basically did indeed serve as our host.  Their menu looks straightforward but this is a Hong Kong-style restaurant not a routine cuisine found in most Chinese restaurants here in the United States such as Cantonese, Sichuan or Hunan.  Hong Kong-style takes Cantonese to a higher level.  The owner carefully explained the ingredient and preparation differences.

My co-worker is a tea drinker but I never liked tea that much.  When the owner found that he had a committed tea drinker at our table, he went away and came back in several minutes with a glass of tea for my co-worker.  She tasted it and loved the flavor.  The owner then launched into a learned discussion of tea.  He explained that with the tea she had, only one leaf was used to make the tea.  Because I had told him that in drinking tea, there was no carbonation and that I liked my hot drinks that were on the sweeter side.  After I tasted a teaspoon of my co-worker's tea, and thought it was indeed very good, the owner brought me a glass of the same tea that he had added a bit of honey to as a sweetener.  Outstanding.  But the owner took such an interest in teaching us more about Hong Kong cuisine and the style offered there.

So after getting our Masters in Tea, we ploughed through the menu and ordered.  I ordered a small bowl of Shrimp Wonton Soup.  Boy, was that good.  I also ordered their Triple Delight, the dish that had bought us here to begin with.  Their Triple Delight has Large Shrimp, Ocean Scallops and chicken in a white wine sauce over rice, white or brown.  This dish was outstanding too and the portion was large enough for the balance to make dinner that night.

My co-worker passed on soup and appetizers and ordered Jumbo Shrimp with Mixed Vegetables.  It must have been delicious since she stopped talking, dug in and polished her whole plate off in about 5 minutes.  She also had about 4 glasses of teas.

The owner kept us both supplied with various teas that came complete with short discussions as to the type of plant used and how that tea was brewed.  This restaurant even offers a complete Tea Ceremony that takes several hours to sample a variety of teas and different preparation styles.  This event comes complete with a Chef's Choice Tasting Dinner.  My co-worker said she planned to tell her daughters that the Tea Ceremony will do as her next birthday present.

Not one other customer came in during our lunch and people are making a serious mistake passing by Hong Kong Fusion.

In conclusion, this restaurant is in a little strip mall but once you are inside, you would not know where you are.  The space is nicely decorated, the tables and chairs are comfortable and the staff is marvelous, especially the owner.  As good as those things are, the food is even better.  Especially when you can get an education as to the ingredients in various dishes and how that dish is prepared.

I have already been back for one sit down meal and one take out meal.  Both were reflections of that first lunch.