This bistro recently opened not too long ago  (the building previously housed Kenmac Flowers). The name, Knights Bistro pays homage to the philanthropic Knight's family of Collingswood.

After driving by this place a few times, we decided to stop-in. This bistro has its own parking lot (fairly large).  We were very disappointed & had  totally different expectations of this place. The inside decor has a nice bistro feel to it with a casual environment. However, the food was nothing more than a mediocre pizzeria/ sandwich shop with a few entrees thrown into the mix. 

With a bistro concept, we honestly expected to see the likes of Portabella burgers, homemade soups, Pommes Frites, gourmet salads, bison burgers, Charcuterie/Salumi, Roasted eggplant, Hummus platters, etc. on the menu (you get the point)........Instead, they serve your typical Mozzarella sticks, Salads, Pizza, Calzones/Sromboli's, a few pasta dishes, wraps, etc.  blah blah blah.  

I tried the 'Panini Italiano', it was completely flavorless. Each individual ingredient was lackluster. The spinach tasted like it was thawed from a frozen box (they could of at least sauteed  it in maybe some garlic, olive oil, etc.). The chicken was dry. The prosciutto was rubbery. The Foccocia bread wasn't too bad, it had a nice crunch and the inside ingredients were warmed up enough (I hate when places don't cook the panini  under the press long enough). I was then insulted with a small bag of boring Lay's potato chips?  I thought they would of at least served some house made potato chips or skin-on french fries, etc.............   Kate had the Cheese Steak Wrap, it was flavorless..... no amount of ketchup could of saved that wrap. 

I would rather pay a few extra dollars more and eat the Panini's at the Kitchen Consigliere Cafe down the street (the difference in quality is like night and day....those panini's are made with love &  come with a small mix green salad AND sweet potato fries). In this day and age, even the bars/taverns are kickin' out some gourmet'ish food, you have to step up to the plate. 

On a positive note, the restaurant server was nice/friendly/proficient. 

On the way out the door, I noticed a pizza tomato pie that looked good. I don't know. Maybe other people will have a differing opinion of this place. I'll try to check back on this site for new Yelp reviews to see what others think, I am curious......  scratching my head about this one. This place has potential.... I think.