We were super disappointed by Bibi Ji. We couldn't get a reservation on our previous trip to Santa Barbara so we went out of our way to get one on this trip, for my birthday weekend, and planned our day around it. We had read in the Infatuation that this was a "must try" Indian restaurant, potentially the best in Southern California. Based on our experience here, I will no longer read the Infatuation (and either should you).  

Admittedly part of our disappointment is due to the pandemic (a limited menu means no Uni Biryani, which is what they are known for) but the dishes that we were able to get, which are part of their regular menu, were underwhelming at best. Also, nothing was even remotely spicy, including those items that they specifically marked as spicy.

Crispy Cauliflower - actually good, however not any better than the cauliflower that you can get at any bar (or make at home), and not really Indian at all. For $16, this is a pass, although probably the best thing that we had.

Fish of the Day - this was legitimately bad. Overcooked, hard to chew, tasteless. Just bad. Also a tiny piece for the price (although we couldn't even get through it because it was so bad). 

Shrimp with Tomato Onion Chutney - came out a bit cold and there were like, maybe 5 shrimp for $16. Good, but not memorable.

Garlic Naan - good, nothing special.

We were sitting at one of the three tables in front of the restaurant, where they blast strange, loud, club-like music. Ambiance: not great, but blame the pandemic.

We left Bibi Ji scratching our heads (and continuing to scratch them days later). Not only is not the best Indian in town, it's probably among the worst Indian we've ever had anywhere in the world. The Trader Joes frozen aisle has some better food. The only thing that we could come up with is that perhaps the model has changed to a take-out type menu and quality of food due to the pandemic - but if that is the case they should not be charging expensive restaurant prices.