Well, I am back 5 years later and if I could have given them a no star rating, I would have. I'm going to blame it on Covid and hope that this restaurant regains its footing. We ate here five years ago for my husband's 60th and as you see from my reading below it was one of the best dining experiences and food experiences we have ever had. So while in Nashville again for my 65th, we decided to go again. We sat at the bar to have a drink before going to our table. The bartender never looked at us and seemed overwhelmed and was rushing around to serve no more than five other people that were in the entire bar! It took him about seven minutes to even acknowledge us. No smile and when we asked him to take our picture he grumbled something under his breath. Very friendly hostess then seated us at our table and we noticed even though it was only 7:15PM, there were only six or eight other diners in the entire restaurant. Our Waitress greeted us with a nice smile and told us she was brand new! Yikes! We ordered another round of drinks and told her we wanted to take this dinner slow. We only ordered one appetizer which was the scallops wrapped in bacon. They were good but a little overcooked. The dinner entrées were the sirloin steak, the fillet mignon oscar, and the cold water lobster tails bAfter what seemed like a very long time, our entrées were served. As the waitress was serving us she asked us what we wanted for dessert? Really? Another waitress came to the table to serve my daughter her lobster tail and proceeded to drop the lobster tail on the floor! Really? My daughters whole entrée had to be cooked again. the spinach side tasted terribly sweet. My husbands sirloin steak was cooked perfectly and very tasty. I took a bite of my fillet mignon Oscar and noticed the asparagus and crab meat were cold and the steak was barely warm, and there was no hollandaise sauce! My daughters lobster tail was barely warm , tough and not very flavorful. I sent my entrée back and proceeded to eat my baked potato! By the time our  meals were re-served, my husband had completely eaten his, and I had finished my baked potato! The meat came out for the second time looking burnt and with no hollandaise  sauce Again! We asked to speak to the manager who came to our table and offered us a free drink! Really? I told him that it was my 65th birthday and this was the restaurant we chose because in the past it had been outstanding but this whole dining experience was a huge disappointment and I would never come back. He never said he was sorry and basically turned around and walked away. At this point we were so aggravated I didn't eat or want my no sauce filet. The place was empty at 9:30 PM.
     We left  and I never ate dinner or even had dessert from my birthday! I will never eat at this establishment again. It was a huge huge disappointment and the staff seemed inexperienced, unprepared. I cannot imagine what was going on in the kitchen. The manager had no idea about customer service.