Terrible service ruined good food.  Went last night with my partner to celebrate his birthday, and we were excited about NOLA based on reviews on here and friends' recommendations. We planned on having the Taste of Summer prix-fixe menu but when we told our server this, he wrinkled his nose and said, "Are you sure you want to do that?"  We wouldn't have been put off if he had said something like, "Before you order, may I point out some of my favorites" Or, "Let me tell you what our specialties are tonight," but, as it was, the way he said it, we felt kind of shamed and wondered if he was trying to upsell us. And we also wondered about a server who would  disparage part of his restaurant's menu.

Thinking that maybe he really was trying to steer us to better options and just had an odd way of doing it, we asked him what he'd recommend instead.   He recommended the chicken wings, boudin balls, gumbo,  shrimp and grits, and the drum.  We decided to go with his recommendations (reluctantly, as there were several items on the prix fixe menu that appealed to both of us), substituting the fried chicken for the drum and nixing the gumbo.  A few minutes after we ordered, the server returned and verbally confirmed our order, but instead of our actual order, he repeated all his recommendations!  I corrected him, and off he went. 

When he returned a few minutes later, my partner asked him about the Summer Heat, the specialty cocktail, and again, the server wrinkled his nose and said, "That's too busy for me.  Can I get you some wine instead?"  We said no, and asked for a cocktail menu.  Several minutes later, when our appetizers arrived, we still hadn't received the cocktail menu, so we asked for one again.  Once we got one, my partner ordered a Moscow Mule (while I ordered nothing, not wanting to drive this guy's tip up).  

Several more minutes passed and our entrees appeared, but the cocktail hadn't arrived yet.  My partner asked about it, and the server said, "Oh," and from where I was sitting, I saw him  walk over to the bar and order it.  Long story short, halfway through our entrees, he brought the cocktail over, and my partner tasted it, and said it didn't taste like a Moscow Mule.  So when the server reappeared, my partner asked which cocktail it was, and the server said it was the specialty cocktail, at which point my partner reminded him that he ordered the Moscow Mule.  Again, another "Oh" and off the server went to the bar, returning a few minutes later (by now, we were done with our entrees) with the Moscow Mule.

At this point, we were done and ready to go, so we asked for the check.  When the server returned with it after running our credit card, he must have overheard us discussing how much tip to leave.  As he handed me the credit card receipt, he said, "A big tip, huh?"  I would have laughed except for the glare he was giving me.  I was concerned enough that I actually snapped a pic of the credit card receipt in case he tried to alter it (probably overly paranoid on my part, but that was the atmosphere). 

Even when we left the table, he didn't say "Thank you" or "Good night,"  or anything, just stared at us.  This was in marked contrast to another server (not even our own!) who passed us as we were walking out and said, "Have a good night, thank you for coming."  

 Normally, most of this wouldn't bother us - we're not prissy or that fussy - and we've even had worse service at lots of places and not cared at all.  But at a restaurant of this caliber, at this price point,  and with an otherwise high level of service (evinced by the reviews on here and by the very polite treatment we got from the other staff),  the repeated instances of negligence and upselling really stood out.  It made for a very uncomfortable evening, and we definitely wondered if it's because we are a same-sex couple.  But maybe not, as while we were sitting there, another table seated near us left without ordering. 
 
Overall, it's a shame, as the food was quite good (excellent boudin balls and fried chicken), but we didn't enjoy it due to our server.  We considered asking for a manager, and we probably should have, but we just wanted to get out of there.   
With good service, this easily would have been four or five stars (good food, nice atmosphere), but two stars only.