There's very few Sushi places I haven't tried yet in the area, so, I thought I'd check this one out because I was going to see a movie next door.

Done...check...not again...

The interior decor does not match the exterior. I was expecting something better. It looks like a casual dining restaurant on the inside...nothing to write home about.

The staff was friendly. I sat down at the sushi bar around 5pm. There was exactly 1 other group of diners sitting at a table.

The first thing I noticed was the food debris on the top of the glass refrigeration case and on the top counter space next to it. Old rice, cilantro and pieces of other food stuff abounded. The next thing I noticed (and that stayed constant throughout my meal) was that the sushi chefs left the sliding doors to the refrigeration cases open all the time. Then I noticed that the fish itself was not wrapped tightly in plastic wrap as is done in every other sushi place in the area. Fish is supposed to be re-sealed every time it's opened. Nothing was ever re-wrapped. I also noticed that all the fish had been pre-sliced! That's a no-no in anybody's book, as fish quality deteriorates immediate after being sliced. I've NEVER seen any other sushi place do this. The fish did not look as fresh as it could've been and I could tell by the taste that the quality and freshness were sub-par due to these practices. The Miso Soup? Salt bomb! I could barely do a few sips.

A couple of good points...the chicken skewers appetizer was good...juicy meat with a spicy sauce on it. Unfortunately, when asked, the sushi chef had no idea what the sauce was. The specialty Nigiri called Picachu, Moana and Speedy Gonzalez were tasty, even considering the quality of the fish. Especially the Moana, with Mango sauce and Macadamia nuts.

I have no other positives to speak about and I'm positive that I won't be returning unless they step up their game and the quality of their product, especially considering the $24.95 price point for the AYCE dinner...