Update 
Still the security people have no customer service training. No hello no goodbye no nothing. This morning Sunday from 930 the security guy and a woman employee were just chatting it up and had no time to even look at thecustomers.

On the bright side of things I haven't seen the old guy in the suit recently. That improves things in and of it's self. Now they just have to put some supervision in here they can change having employees interact with the customers
Who trains these people? There is absolutely no customer service. Walked in and out of the place no  one says good morning good afternoon good evening or goodbye and thank you nothing. Who runs this place? It is unbelievable that the owners do not figure out how to enhance the customer service experience!


This place has the WORST customer attitude ever. Security people could not be less "be of service ". The head of security (the tall old guy) walks around like he is in the CIA or like kind of agency. Never ever see the owners represented. 
2)Went back again. They can not make you feel less unwelcome. Who trains these people. I don't mind paying just to get in but please don't make me feel like I'm paying to be abused.  WHERE IS MANAGEMENT?
2) Seriously could they have a less customer friendly team. Right at the front security missed the opportunity to greet you. The talk old guy who heads up security is even more of a grump. Why does he even come to work? Where is the MANAGEMENT?
So today I showed up and things have really not improved since the new owners. This time it was a cashier with a pen stuck in her hair with the lousiest attitude I've ever seen. She greets may head down no pleasantries and the head bob to move to a different cashier station. When I asked her what I did wrong to deserve such treatment she got defensive and snippy. PS if you walk in the place security people look at you like the cops not welcoming you into the casino at all!

If management can't fix these little problems what the heck can they do