10/10 would recommend if you're interested in dying. 

Let me preface this by saying there are two types of food allergy people in this world:
1) gluten free/vegan/wheat free yoga organic beet juice cleanse, etc (bullshitters). 
2) people who will actually die if they eat a particular food and do everything in their power to make sure that any food establishment is clear on the allergy and they can assure that it won't be an issue. 

I fall into the second group of people. 

You might ask "if you're so deathly allergic to a food, why don't you just not eat at a restaurant?"  For one, my allergy is ridiculously easy to avoid (unless of course, you're super negligent- continue reading for more on this) and I eat at restaurants by choice, when I feel confident that we have discussed my allergy and they assure that it is not an issue to eat at the restaurant. I've left restaurants that had too many instances where my food could be contaminated because not dying is more important than eating a bomb grilled salmon. 

Back to Kayne Prime:
Arrived on Saturday evening for a birthday dinner. Server asks if there are any food allergies- what follows is my well-rehearsed monologue: 

 "I have a life threatening food allergy to calamari. I plan to order the XXXX (in this case it was the salmon), please ask the chef if this is safe. If it is not, I will be glad to choose another entree". 

I have said these sentences at EVERY restaurant I have gone to since my throat closed up at a restaurant 5 years ago (due to my (at that point, unknown) anaphylactic allergy to calamari). Funny how almost dying at a restaurant makes you hyper vigilante, right?

The server comes back, assures the table that all food allergies, including mine, will not be an issue. Hallelujah!

Anyhoo... fast forward about 35 mins. 

Salmon arrives. Plate is smeared with unknown black substance. I ask the food runner what the salmon is sitting on. She replies "it's ok, it's edible". Yes, understand that everything on the plate is edible. I let her know I want to know what exactly it's made of. 

HOLY FUCK ITS SQUID INK. 

Immediately tears well up, I get sweaty. Something that could literally kill me in seconds is sitting right in front of me. 

My mind goes a million miles a minute. I think "what if??" What if I wasn't so hyper vigilant? (death, duh) What if I had eaten that? Which emergency room would I go to? Would I go to Vanderbilt? Skyline? How fast would the ambulance get here? Would I die before they were able to get me to an ER? How the fuck did this happen? I TOOK ALL THE PRECAUTIONS! 

I did. I took all the precautions. Kayne Prime did not. They were negligent AF. 

I tell the food runner that the threatening food allergy we talked at length about earlier to calamari also includes squid ink. (PSA-calamari is squid)

About 45 seconds later a random piece of salmon appears to me on a clean plate. I think to myself "where did this come from? Did they just slide it off the plate with the squid ink and bring it over? Is this someone else's dinner?"

Fierce apologies are fluttering. They keep asking me what they can bring me. More food? New food? The manager comes over (mind you since this is only about 4 minutes since the squid ink laden plate was placed in front of me). 

She apologizes. Asks what food she can bring over for me to eat for dinner. I let her know I'm not comfortable eating anything from a chef/kitchen that KNEW of my allergy, ACKNOWLEDGED that my food would be safe and STILL sent out a plate covered in squid ink. She then proceeds to blame the server, saying that he did not relay the food allergy to the kitchen. 

I almost die in your restaurant and you just pass the blame off to your server? WHAT THE FUCK. Your staff, your policies, your chain of command, all failed on YOUR WATCH. 

The server came over and apologized, with tears in his eyes. God only knows what happened behind the scenes. 


They did bring me a third piece of salmon about 15 min later that was basically sushi. 

Humongous disappointment. Total lack of culpability, leadership. 

The food wasn't even that good either. 

I will give the bartender 10/10 though. 

Skip this place.