Not a fan.  My husband and I had a really bad experience with this place on my birthday.  When he made the reservation, he let Haven know that it was a special occasion and we wanted a nice, romantic table. They sat us under blaring lights at a table that looked accidental, requiring a shimmy into your chair and then the other chair stuck out into the flow of traffic.  Our waiter didn't come over for 5 minutes.  He was flippant and snotty and instead of welcoming us, he kept looking over at other tables, did not mention the specials, he was annoyed when I asked him what kind of cocktail he would suggest and then when we told him our drink order, he was gone.  Since we had already waited a long time, we already knew what appetizer we wanted to try.  We also had questions about the menu.  It is incredibly overdone.  I'll get into that later.  Another five minutes, drinks have not arrived, water has not arrived.  Menus down.  We take in the scenery:

This place also just has a weird vibe and an interesting, in the not so good way, clientele.  I have lived in S.Tampa most of my life, so I can spot pretension and desperation from a mile away.  In one corner, you will find a group of sloppy drunk Brooks Brothers frat guys desperately trying to slosh away the pressures of devising a way to pay off the "Ivy League student loans" on $34k a year.  The other side is a couple of flip flop and sweaty visor wearing "been playing golf all day because I have almost paid off my Ivy League student loans from 1978" type.  Each group seems out of place.  

And again..the menu.  Please. "Kagoshima Prefecture Wagyu Crudo"...oh!!  You mean Raw Wagyu beef from the Japanese District?  "appanzellar"?..just add the word cheese so that I know that it's not some kind of Italian opera..and then answer my question when I ask "Surchoix?"  If my waiter reappears.

I also prefer my "pigeon" to be called "squab" (S.Tampa inflection, here)..I mean, your calling a soy basting sauce "white wine tare"!!  Gimme a break!  Seriously, I'm a foodie and I love to try new things, but can I get a description here?!  I would LOVE to listen to the descriptions! I think the aim is to make the diner feel dumb.  What is it about the Beef Rib that makes it "Flemish"?  What is "kaffir ink"?  Reading this damn menu is like reading an Anthony Bourdain novel without a culinary dictionary. I love foie gras, but I guess that saying "with wheat and sheep cheese" doesn't have near the panache that "pecorino creamed spelt" does.  I have worked with some of the best chefs in the country back in my 20s and I take this menu as a sign of a highly insecure Le Cordon Bleu trained chef that is overcompensating for some kind of professional trauma.  If I am way off base here, I guess I should reread Anthony Bourdain and Thank Haven that his disciple has come to Morrison Avenue.  I didn't get to try the food because we left and the hostess that had seated us 15 minutes before cheerily said "have a good night..thanks for coming!".  Nope.