I wish someone warned me of this Tourist Trap. Line was 30+ minutes wait to place an order but you need to keep your menu with you as they don't have it on top of the registers. Prices for drinks are not listed anywhere except on your receipt and they automatically assume everyone in your party wants a drink and charges for everyone even after you clarify the right number. 

Tip: you must ask them for water & sauces with the waiter who brings your food or else the cashiers give you the stink eye and haughtily tell you to talk to a waiter (this was our first time here and our waiter only asked "can I get anything else for you?" which to us means "do you want to order anything else" not "did you want water or sauces".) 


We got the combo with spareribs (half wet, half dry), pulled pork, and brisket along with hushpuppies, hoecake, slaw, and broccoli salad and apps to start were deviled eggs and fried catfish. Hoecake is basically a salted pancake without any butter or syrup. Hushpuppies were the best surprise, as they were so delicious and fried well. 

Deviled eggs were acceptable 7-8/10. Fried catfish was cooked really well and the sauce it came with paired well. I wish the brisket was as soft as the catfish. Unfortunately the brisket and pulled pork were both bland, cold, and SUPER DRY. The sauce on the tables were EXTREMELY watery and unable to revive the meats. We did finally get a waiter to get us the other sauces but they were all so watery. No wonder their shelves of sauce in the jars were all still full. 

I really enjoyed the flavor of the dry rub on the spareribs. However, their spareribs were so dry you could floss your teeth with it even on the half with the "wet" sauce (don't let their advertisement of "soft & moist" spareribs fool you). Sweet tea was alright but Hattie B's was better. 

Tldr: Do yourself a favor, save $50, and go to a better BBQ  place. We were one of many tables who left with more than half the meat on the trays and left our sweet tea behind.