We have visited this establishment many times over the past few years.

On Feb.12th 2020 we had reservations for 14 people at 6:30 PM.  We arrived on time but the table was for 12 people so 4 of our group sat in a booth while the other 10 sat at the big table.  The young female server asked us if we would like water or soft drinks because She was underage and unable to serve liquor.  We abided by that until another young female server came over and apologized for the wait as one of the other servers did not show up for work.  We could not order the Prime Rib nor the BBQ ribs, they were not available.  We could not other from the alternate menu because that ended at 6:00 PM.  We could only have two salads with balsamic dressing because they ran out.  The bread could not be served yet because it was baking in the oven.  One of our group ordered Onion Soup which came with a half of a roll in it instead of croutons.  One of our group had to return his filet because it was raw.  I had escargot which were lukewarm at best and rubbery with no trace of garlic in the garlic butter.  I ordered Chicken Piccatta which was warm at best, tough as nails and pasta with zero taste.  Another of our group had scallops which were warm at best.  They tried to alleviate the situation by service us wine free of charge.  The Chef/owner came out to ask us how things were.  He said the Prime Rib was available only on Thursday, Friday and the weekend (We were there Wednesday) and it was shown on the menu.  We challenged him on that and He looked at the menu and apologized because we were right.  He also said they were not out of BBQ Ribs but we were beyond caring at that point.  He then suggested we pay cash instead of Credit cards if we could.  Hmmmm  Last but not least, a table of six was just leaving as we sat down and each one of they wished us luck because they were there since 5:00PM.  We saw another group of four people get up and leave without being served.  

The two young female servers did their absolute best under impossible circumstances.