Let me start off by saying that everyone that works here is very nice and friendly, we were greeted by multiple people when we sat down, and when we left we were thanked for coming. The bartender was lovely as well, especially when she gave me the tablet to show the allergen menu as I am gluten and dairy free. Where it was not such a great experience was the food. We ordered the nachos with the hopes I could have a couple of plain chips. When we saw that the cheese was liquid (which my bf loved) I asked for a couple of plain chips on the side. Bartender said it would be no problem. 
Saw the bartender ring them in, but unfortunately never got them. When the bartender returned from restocking,  she noticed I didn't get them, but I said it was ok, I assumed the food was coming since it had already been awhile. I would not die without tortilla chips.
We waited a bit longer and finally the food came. My bf ordered the cheese burger with onion rings. It arrived with fries. They did bring out a dish of onion rings, and said we will let you keep the fries. Ok thanks but this was your mistake, not ours. My bf ended up taking the cheese off the burger as he found it to have an off taste, and the onion rings tasted freezer burned so he didn't eat them. So I guess we should be happy they messed up and brought fries. I ordered the steak after the bartender told me it was better than the grilled chicken. Ordered it rare and with a shrimp skewer. Arrived medium well and with no shrimp. At this point I was kind of over it all, so I just ate the broccoli and my fries which were fine.
Another bartender did ask eventually come over asked how everything was. He might have been a manager. I shared the steak was very over cooked. He did offer to make another one, but I said it was late, we waiting such a long time and I just wanted to leave so I said no. He didn't offer to take anything off the bill. There was also quite a bit of food left on my bf's plate. It should have been kind of obvious the food was just not cutting it.  Regardless we paid for everything, never asking for anything to be taken off the bill, and we left an appropriate tip for the bill as it is not the bartenders fault. We left disappointed with the overall experience and joked we should have just gone to Burger King. 
Maybe it was an off night being a holiday weekend, but if we find ourselves in the area again, we probably won't be back especially since there are quite a few other places to go around there.