It's so unfortunate that I rate this restaurant a 2. We have been here on 3 separate occasions and each time we have the same concerns. The food is hands down incredible. Everything is spot on, the duck fries are a MUST. The burgers are all delicious, the quack and cheese is out of this world. 
However it is really unfortunate that the service just plain sucks. From the first moment you enter through the door, no one welcomes you, not even a smile. I honestly believe that they are told not to smile. They all look miserable!  At our latest dine in, we made reservations and when we got there, we were being sat at the long farm house table in the front. Which for 4 people, is a bit awkward when there's a separate party sitting at the other end. We asked to move and thankful there was another 4 person table open that we grabbed. We were then given waters by another girl and guess what not only did she not say hello, or smile, she barely opened her mouth to say you're welcome after we thanked her for the waters she gave us. It looked painful for her to speak. Then our waitress came over, I was really hoping for more but unfortunately got more of the same. I guess they all just drink from the same kool-aide!  There was no "hi welcome to blue duck my name is ..." NOTHING! If it weren't for her name plate necklace we would had no clue who this girl was. She was decent, but still not very attentive. We brought beers and wine and often times didn't clean the empty bottles on the table, we literally had to ask her to take them.. Take any of our dirty plates. 
Apps were all delicious, we had the cauliflower, the duck fries, and two different wings. All apps came out about the same time and we're all steaming hot and delicious. 
Then we waited awhile for our entires. We had ordered a burger, fried chicken, scallops, and gnocchi. The burger came out first and then sat there for awhile.. We finally had to tell our friend to eat without us because the rest of our food was taking so long. When we looked back at the cooks, they were all flirting with the girls at the counter. Really?? We could see that even our waitress was annoyed. The rest of the food came out, but again not all at the same time. Other than the timing of the food, the food was delicious. 

It's just a shame. The food is slamming. All around, never had anything here my friends or myself didn't love. (I think my suggestion is take-out.). HOWEVER!! Everything else is blah! And honestly the servers at chick-fil-a are more polite and friendly. Take a page from their book!  We are total foodies, love great food, and kill for awesome service. If the owner or chef is banging out such great dishes, they need to look at the front of their house and get that up to speed! They are killing their business with mediocre service.