TERRIBLE service, not worth it. Overpriced for "locally-sourced" food that is overpriced in an elegant minimalist atmosphere. My boyfriend brought me here for our anniversary. We waited a long time since we didnt have a reservation even though it was not busy (however I will not attack the restaurant for that because it depends on the servers). BUT once we sat down, everything seemed like it would be good. However, it took forever to get our server to show up. We kept trying to stare down someone to order drinks and food, but no one was to be found. Finally after 20 minutes, we ordered food and drink simultaneously. Our server never refilled my boyfriend's soda; the manager did it every time and only as often as she saw. My boyfriend ordered the roasted chicken which was kind of small and took 45 minutes to cook with a side of fries that was cold and burnt. Like you almost broke your tooth biting into them. I got the rigatoni bolognese. It actually tasted pretty good and had a lot of meat and good flavor in it. That is the only reason I would come back. As we were eating, our waitress stood behind the wall in the kitchen chatting with a co-worker for over 30 minutes. Like she did not once leave that spot or even glance at the floor to see if we needed something. When we were done we tried to get a box for my food and get the check, but she was standing behind the wall still. We tried to make eye contact with anyone and thankfully got another waitress after 15 minutes who seemed pretty nice. She got us boxes and grabbed our waitress for the bill. We tried to throw the card down quickly so she could take it, but she walked off immediately even though we tried to flag her down and said "M'am" quite loudly as she left. We waited 20 minutes more to pay our check because she disappeared again. My boyfriend had to stand up and wait at the front until the hostess came back from somewhere many minutes later. We honestly almost left without paying because it was taking so long, but we are thankfully better people than that. The staff needs to be more attentive and available. We shouldn't have to walk around the restaurant to have to find a staff member.