Ugh....
To start off on the positives, the venue is spacious and well kept. Apparently there is also an upstairs private dining/event area, which I didn't see in addition to a variety of indoor and outdoor seating. I was pleasantly surprised.
This evening my girlfriends stopped in for a post saints game dinner/drinks. It was pouring all day and maybe 25% occupied by patrons- mostly empty tables. Our waitress was polite and attentive, although getting our drinks/food was pretty slow considering there was such a small crowd- and there was literally not a single vegetarian option on the menu. we made sure to pay out following our meal so not to burden the waitress, but remained at our table to continue drinking.  
Which is when things went downhill. No one ever came to clear glasses off of our table, there was no table service for cocktails (or if there was it didn't happen for us). The power suddenly went out but we (and everyone in there) stayed, in the dark, to finish the bottles of wine we had purchased. No employee made any sort of announcement about the situation to the patrons about what was going on or how service would be impacted or any effort to check in on the tables at all...about 20 minutes went by and someone brought votive candles around silently. The staff literally acted like they could care less if people stayed or left even though it was 3+ hours before closing and made no effort to reach out to the customers. I understand they needed to addres the power issue but if you have customers literally sitting in the dark waiting to pay a tab instead of just walking out without paying, one of the staff should have been checking in on people, maybe passing around cheap shots or something as a thank you for sitting in the pitch black....the show veritably did not go on, and came to a screeching halt.
after about an hour, I went to the bar to see if we could order another bottle, or if we should close out and leave, and literally got ignored by who I later discovered was the bartender, 2 waitresses and someone in a white Oxford shirt and tie (manager?) standing in front of me behind and beside the bar, then each walked away without speaking to me. I then found a waitress and (nicely) asked if there was any way to place another drink order or pay out & she gave me the stink eye and said the power was out. Obviously. I explained I understood there was no power but did they. Have a way I could place another order or close out and leave instead of sitting in the dark and after another stink eye she got the bartender from somewhere that was not anywhere near the bar. Antoher stink eye & a sigh and he decides maybe he can use the old school credit card copier that basically traces your card info. As if it's doing me a favor to offer a way for me to pay a bar tab after an hour of no communication from the staff that we could have just walked on.
 I offer to write my card information down for him and he replied he wasn't just doing it for me, the entire bar would need to use it and walked away. Perhaps that is something he could have bothered to start examining an hour beforehand instead of making me beg to pay my bill or continue to spend money. I was actually scared to ask him if I could please have a cup of water, or st and a cup to get sink water. My friend dared to ask if there was any of the bread that is passed in the beginning in the kitchen to eat while she was waiting to pay her bill since she they couldn't make any food, and was ignored as well. 

Bottom line is that clearly losing power is stressful for the staff. But there was zero interest or effort to let the patrons in the dark know what was going on, to make us feel comfortable, to thank us for patience or to offer an option for us to pay or make any additional transactions. We sat for probably 2 hours in the dark without ever hearing the staff speak. Saying thank or apogize to anyone. 

Won't be back.