**CUSTOMER SERVICE IS A JOKE**I wasn't going to write a review until I was lied to by the Front Desk Clerk Daria and Jena the Front Desk Manager on two different occasions. After explaining what happened, both ladies promised I'd be refunded for the $259.90 charge for valet (2 cars for 2 nights each), including an unexplained $50. Today, I received an email from Maritoni advising valet said I left a note with them stating I'm parking 2-cars for the duration of my stay, which is a BOLD face LIE. 

I am very disappointed with how valet services handled the situation I during my visit. I was in NOLA to celebrate my 40TH Birthday with friend from 8/10-8/13 and I selected the Sheraton hotel when I could've easily going anywhere.  I was charged $259.90 for valet services and I never valeted a car during my entire stay. When I explained this matter to the valet company, the manager acted as though he had no understanding. He eventually told me that someone need to take car of the charges because someone charged their valet services to my room (1806); but he couldn't provide me with the car make/models. How could this happen to a guest? Shortly after I spoke with the valet manager, I went inside and spoke with the front desk clerk: Daria. Daria, assured me that all charges would be removed. When I asked for a receipt, she informed me that she couldn't give me one now but that I can in the morning when I checkout the hotel.  When I asked for a receipt from a new clerk the next morning, ALL $259.90 charges were still present and no one was in a position to assist me again.  I truly feel like the valet manager and Daria both dropped the ball by failing to rectify my concerns, the incorrect charges and/or do what's right by removing the charges from my bill. Therefore, I will be taking my concerns to corporate and hopefully, I'll be able to obtain some fair treatment as I didn't know anyone off the streets could valet their car(s) and put their charges on any persons' room at the Sheraton hotel and the guest be held responsible to pay for the charges. To be clear, I paid $341 for the weekend stay with the said hotel and I was unfairly charged $259.90 for valet and I never parked a car. How is this fair???

P.s. I just want to ensure this does not happen to anyone else by to bringing awareness to those who may be oblivious to these types of hotel scams.