As I sit here writing my review, my car is now being washed for a second time. I bought two gift cards from Costco in order to get the vehicle detailed inside and out. After sitting in line for 15 minutes, I'm informed by the attendant that I could not do the detailing (M5 combo) unless I left it here all day (arrival time shortly before 11). Turned off a bit by this, I ask him for the most complete inside/outside wash given their schedule (M2, $33). Car comes out of the wash tunnel with bird droppings and bug juice all over the car. Front end and the side mirrors look as if they haven't even been touched. Back hatch still caked with dust. Workers then begin wiping it down and one in particular is putting his bare hands all over the vehicle as he is wiping it down, leaving handprints on my black-colored vehicle. No effort was made to knock off the brake dust and as I inform him of such, he says it's an "upgrade" to get the dust off. I then tell him about the front end and mirrors, to which he uses a towel and solution to gently wipe it across, no elbow grease used, doing nothing at all. Minutes later, he presents me with my keys and I refuse my vehicle because the front end is still awful and there was still a mess on the carpets. Then I mention the fact that the rear cargo area was never vacuumed of the dog hair inside, they then say that's another upgrade. I voice my frustration as I was told M2 was a complete inside/outside cleaning and my cargo area is not a separate area of the vehicle. 

All that being said, it's my opinion that Miles Auto Spa is an overpriced car wash that has no comprehension on customer satisfaction. I spoke with two managers and told them that this was my first and last trip to Miles, to which both of them walked away without an apology. I've now spent an hour and a half here. In that time, I could have done the job myself, paying attention to detail, and came up with a better result. Please, highly consider this review before embarking on a trip here.