The last time I reviewed this location I gave it two stars. Didn't think the location could get worse. Wrong !  I've not had a problem with the food other than being able to get it !  Consistently the worse service of any food chain, restaurant, hotel, car dealer or any other business I've ever dealt with !  I honestly don't know how this place stays in business. From reading the reviews seems I'm not the only that feels this way.  Does Steak and Shake managers or corporate office ever read these reviews ? If my business got these kind of reviews I would be in that store getting to the bottom of the obvious problems. Without satisfied customers you don't have a business. It's that simple.  From what I've encountered the employees simply don't care or have any pride. The late night drive through is the worse. You sit at the speaker speaker for a very extended amount of time. The person working the window will usually answer pretty quick but it's always the same. Please hold I'll be with you shortly. This persons idea of shortly usually turns into a solid 10 to 15 minutes if your're lucky. Mean while cars are driving off because they are tired of such bad ridiculous inexcusable wait time. If you are lucky enough to finally get your order in pull forward kill the motor in your car. Lay the seat back and relax because you would burn $10.00 worth of gas if you left the motor running. Again, cars are pulling out of line this time in front of you. I could care less but now comes the next problem. The orders are out of sequence and your going to get the meal that should of went to one of the guys in front of you. So now you've got to spend 10 extra minutes while they figure that out. On a good night you can get through the line in about 30 minutes. Other nights 30 minutes to an hour or never at all.  I've no doubts this location loses more revenue each night at the window than they take in. If the managers and corp office doesn't care than shut the drive through down to save your customers all the misery. I'm not just speaking of one recent experience I'm speaking of numerous times over the course of two years !!! Bad service is the only consistent thing at this drive through. So it's not just one bad employee it's anyone that has worked the window. So to me that means horrible training or hiring practices which falls back on horrible managers and corporate involvement.   If I sound critical I'll explain why. I  worked  at a fortune 500 20 billion dollar a year corporation for 30 years. Retired now.. As large as that company is our customer service is much more personable and would of never made it to the level they had with common practices Steak and Shake has. I say Steak and Shake has because I've read customer reviews of many of their locations and these complaints seem to be consistent at most stores. Maybe not quite as bad as this one but pretty bad. The only reason I've wasted this much time writing this is because I do like several of the menu items and I'm just hoping some one with Steak and Shake will read this and actually care enough to get in there and straighten this store out.  I usually wait a couple weeks and drop in when I've got about 30 minutes to waste in hopes things are finally the way they should be.  In closing the menu states breakfast starts at 12am. One time in my visits at 2am or later they were serving breakfast. They really seem to have a problem making the biscuits. Just concede when you go in for breakfast here you're not getting a biscuit. If you're lucky and get your food settle for a bagel.