I've given this place 2 shots - both ended in disaster. 

I'll preface by saying that I didn't want to write on an empty stomach, so I'm sitting in my hotel room chomping on a cliff bar, some Pirate's Booty, and washing it down with water that I picked up from the little convenience store in the lobby... 

Also - I don't like to send food back. I think it's kinda rude (assuming the chef gives a single fuck), and I'd worry that it would come back to my table having touched balls or something else gross. I would rather just not eat it and be hungry than have to send a dish back. During my stay at the Silver Legacy, I've found 3 out of 4 of my meals inedible. Two of those meals were at Tivoli over at the adjacent Eldorado.

The first time, the restaurant was pretty empty and it was mid-week. They seated me in a dark corner in the depths of the restaurant. I was served a beverage right away, but then sat there for a good 20 minutes as several servers walked by or did their side-work (pairing silverware with napkins etc...) a few steps away from my table and ignored me. I never found out who my server would have been because I got impatient and abandoned my lonely table and walked over to the bar to try to get some food. No food at the bar, so I walked over to the dessert counter in the middle and asked if I could get food there. 

The manager agreed to let me sit at the counter and eat. She was actually really nice and apologetic for me having been ignored. She took my order and later brought it out... I had ordered a caesar salad easy dressing - I got a bowl full of wilted old lettuce drowned in dressing. I picked at it until my entree came - which was Parmesan Crusted Chicken Romano Served over fettuccine Alfredo. Fresh vegetables & garlic toast. The chicken was disgusting and dry, and the pasta was greasy and flavorless. The garlic toast was burned. It was awful and I had to just give up and leave. 

I went back another time, and had the same service issues. I let the waiter know about the time before and he said he would make sure it didn't happen again. Well, it did - he forgot about my drinks and brought my food with no way to eat it. When my cocktail finally arrived at my table, the ice had all melted and it was pretty much just water. 

The waiter stopped coming to my table and couldn't look me in the eye when he walked by. He was clearly ashamed. I don't think it was totally his fault - someone had promised to bring my drink out for him and flaked on it. The food that came out was disgustingly greasy and tasted old and foul. It's probably best I didn't eat it - the food I saw coming out of the kitchen just made me think of Kitchen Nightmares where the freezers have old food leaking onto new food and the place is probably filthy. I can only imagine. 

Don't eat here. The food is stodge and the service is whack. I don't like to do bad reviews - and I like to give the benefit of the doubt - but this place earned this one lonely little star. Bleh. 

(started this review a few months ago, but just wrapped it up - I was there during the Winter).