GOT FOOD POISONING HERE! Yuck!

Here's what I'm staying: HOW DO YOU SCREW UP A BURGER AND FRIES - IN AMERICA?!?

Was leaving a Christmas party down the street and saw the diner and decided why not. Well, my instincts are something I should've stuck with and went to Wawa instead.

Well silly me, I'm a foodie I should trust my instinct LOL. It looked well lit, the Decour wasn't dingy, and there was a good handful of people inside. After finally finding parking which took a while (I mean come on it's Fishtown lol) I went inside.

Staff seemed polite and friendly and if you could give zero stars I would give one star simply for them... But the experience with the food was so bad that I have to give it a one star review. 

I kept it really simple and ordered a burger and fries. Medium, with fried onions, a side of guacamole & a side of ranch. PRETTY SIMPLE RIGHT?! Nope lol. 

When the food arrived the problems were noticeable right from the start, but I was too hungry after not having a regular full meal all day to worry about it. But those three warnings should've been enough for me... Hence the one star, because there were three distinct problem with that I'm not sure what caused it:

1) part of the guacamole was brown...NO BUENO!!!
2) The ranch was a little too sour... Wasn't sure if it was just cheap or old or left out. Again - no Bueno!
3) this burger was not medium, it was a rare LOL. However even if a burger is rare and it is cooked correctly, it will be fine regardless of whether it is pink. That is a common misconception... The issue is that most people don't know how to cook a burger pink and cook it correctly with the proper heat. 

I skipped around the guacamole that was brown, stop eating the ranch, and only half of the burger. For some reason halfway through the meal I just started to dislike the food. It almost felt like I was eating bad food (grin). And my stomach was getting queasy from it. So I got it to-go and left. By the time I got home about 40 minutes later I ran to the bathroom and was hurling for 15 minutes straight - all of the food back up. The next day I was sick as a dog and had a fever and was in bed - it was terrible!

Now for the skeptics out there that may say food poisoning cannot develop that fast, well that depends on how rancid the food is. If you started eating something with extremely high amounts of mold or bacteria or the like, your body will immediately reject it. It wouldn't take time to develop. Aside from that, I had only had a few snacks throughout the day and I was completely fine when I arrived there. For something to develop that fast with an eating a meal, when I hadn't eaten in hours, it's pretty black and white what the cause was! And since there were three culprits in this meal I'm not sure which if not all caused it. 

This is just completely unacceptable. ITS A BURGER AND FRIES JEEZ! How hard is that!?  

NEVER
GOING
BACK.