A small group of us decided to try out this relatively new restaurant in the shopping center in Newtown Square last Saturday night. We had a reservation but waited about 5-7 minutes before being seated, which we understood because the place was pretty busy. However, the host invited us over to the table before it was cleaned and set forcing the four of us to stand in the middle of the aisle blocking waiters and other patrons while someone hurriedly wiped off our table. The host did come back over and apologize as we stood there awkwardly. 

Service was good overall. Our waitress forgot a few condiment orders but was very friendly. When one of my friends asked to return her meal (linguine pescatore, which was awful) for something else (pepperoni pizza), the waitress was gracious about it and didn't make any fuss. FYI, the pizza was by far the best meal my party ordered. 

But that's about where the positives end. Our food on the whole was mediocre at best. To start, we got the fried olives (ok), crispy calamari (didn't seem fresh), and Mac and cheese (a bit runny but good). However, the app prices are INSANE (as in over $16 for artichoke crab dip) so we felt limited with the choices. For dinner, after reading reviews before coming in we all figured this was a place better suited for a burger than some fancy fish dish. Turns out, they can't even get a good ol' fashioned burger right. We got the turkey burger and what was essentially their house burger and they were over cooked and flavorless. We were hoping the fries would save the meal but they might have been the most disappointing part. They were like bad steak fries - mushy, unseasoned, lukewarm. Thankfully, we ordered a bottle of Pinot noir that was really good and helped ease the sting of the less than appetizing food. 

We ended dinner with the big cookie, which comes with a dollop of vanilla soft serve on top. It was good and definitely big, plenty for the four of us, but nothing to write home about. 

All in all, we agreed that we will not be returning in the future. It was way too pricey for what was a mediocre experience. If you just want drinks and expensive apps, this place would probably be fine as it has a pretty vibrant atmosphere. Anything more than that, I recommend one of the great Italian spots in Newtown Square like Fellini's or Giuseppe's.