Went here with my son while my wife was next door getting her nails done I showed up about 5:40p on a Friday, before the dinner rush. Ordered a chorizo burger and ten minutes later I'm informed they don't have chorizo (kind of the important part of the burger) no biggie I switch it to bacon; my son got a pepperoni pizza. I ordered a side of no mercy sauce for my burger assuming spicy, full disclosure: I love spicy food, NoMercy sauce is very merciful imo but the burger was good. The pizza was bland and way over cooked, we're talking blackened crust over cooked, but my son is 9 and all he cares about is pizza so he didn't notice. So far so good, but here's why we drop from a 3.5 Star to a 1 Star: At 6:30p I ask for a togo box for the rest of my sons pizza and my plate is cleared away. Get the box at 6:32p which I promptly fill the box and the rest of my stuff is cleared away, then my son and I sat at an empty table until LITERALLY 7:00p. I watched as my server ignored us for roughly 30 minutes and never gave me the check. Finally I ask another server for my ticket which she promptly gives to me. Frankly this place is lucky I'm honest because I'm sure a lot of people would've walked out. Then, whilst looking at my bill I notice I'm still being charged for a chorizo burger (remember no chorizo) so I asked if the chorizo burger and the bacon burger were the same price, I was told yes so luckily I didn't over pay, meh... Now I'm not a restaurant customer service etiquette tycoon, but this is the first place I've ever been to where zero compensation was offered after not having a menu item. Mind you I usually decline the free dessert and/or tip the difference of whatever discount is offered, but some modicum of empathy is usually warranted in these situations, instead I got not even an apology. Couple this with waiting a half hour after getting a togo box to finally ask for my check and I'm not coming back here due to terrible service...

Food = meh 3.5
Service= terrible -2.5
Final review= 1