A BIG DISSAPOINTMENT!
It was our first time there, we had a dealchick coupon for food and admission! We are loyal Cine Bistro people but we had a coupon we wanted to try them out and after today we will continue to go back to Cine Bistro! We decided to eat in there lounge area before waiting for the whole movie/dinner experience since we were 1 hour early. The first thing I didn't like is I had to go over there to reserve seats!! Really you can't even go on Fandango and select your seats! The menu is all Italian food... the menu items are just ok. The server asks us what we liked to drink.....I am not a drinker don't like soda's or other types of beverages, all I wanted was ice water with lemon! NOPE, WE DON'T OFFER THAT! WHAT! I couldn't believe a restaurant doesn't have ice water available! They literally make you buy a drink! You want water you have to buy bottle water which cost 3 dollars! If you want to buy soda, tea, or lemonade 2.50 no refills! Then we ordered their fried calamari, Angus burger, Extra large slice of pepperoni pizza. Calamari came first no flavor at all! Just dipped in flour with no spices was very bland all though it did came piping hot and crispy! Then came my slice of pepperoni pizza "what was on my plate"? It looked like a child's size menu pizza! After the menu states Extra large slice that is not what I received! Then when the guy brought the food over he had a burger and said to my husband did you get the burger? My husband said yes, then he walks away and leaves with a burger in his hands he didn't have my husbands burger! When the burger finally arrived! What a joke! My husband ordered medium came burnt on the outside, the patty was hanging off of the bun with one piece of lettuce and a small slice of tomato that looked like they just tossed it on the bun, it was supposed to come with fries which you have to add 2 dollars more, a burger without fries just don't make sense! When the burger did arrive it didn't have his fries it had some old, cold hard chips which are supposed to be their house signature potato chips such an embarrassment. My husband and I said this is not going to work for us, it was like they put no emphasis in their food presentation, taste, and quality so we didn't want to stay to experience more of their nonsense. To say the least we will not go back, such a disappointment, if this place continues to perform like this, it will find itself with no customers.