My fiance and I came here late on a Thursday night after seeing a show at the Schermerhorn.  We'd heard good things about The Southern, and since it's literally across from the theater we were excited to check it out for dinner.  

We walked into the restaurant and were delighted by it's cute atmosphere and friendly hostess, who happily seated us even though we arrived right at closing time.  Our delight ended as soon as we were seated.  

Our waiter was clearly upset that he'd have to stay past closing time and seemed to take his disappointment out on us.  He was perturbed that we actually wanted to read the menu and take our time deciding what we wanted to eat; after stopping by the table twice, asking us about drinks and appetizers, he not-so-kindly informed us that the kitchen was going to close soon, so we needed to make our decisions fast.  Since we were feeling pressured, we ordered a bowl of gumbo to share as an appetizer as we decided on our entrees.

We finally decided on the fish and grits (me) and the pork chop (him) for our main courses.  Just as we placed our order, a food runner came by with our gumbo, which was served lukewarm and almost completely devoid of seafood, sausage or vegetables.  Upon first bite, we were both disappointed and angry with ourselves for blowing $9 on such mediocre brown soup.

When our entrees arrived, we were excited by the look and smell of our dishes.  They appeared to be delicious!  However, when we tasted our dishes, we were very disappointed.  The fish was unseasoned, bland and overcooked, and covered with some sort of oily sauce that was otherwise tasteless.  The grits were good, but not good enough to make the meal worth the nearly $30 we paid for it.  The pork chop was huge, though portions of it were very fatty, and the potatoes, onions and spinach that accompanied it were all covered in a bacon fat-like grease that we both felt was overpowering and unnecessary.  The chop also tasted like a ham steak - we weren't entirely sure what we were eating.  We decided then and there that we wouldn't be returning to The Southern again.

It's pretty clear that, overall, we were disappointed by our experience at The Southern.  The food is overpriced and really not good at all.  We were also bummed that they didn't serve us biscuits, which we'd heard were delicious.  For $30+/plate, we expected better.  We'll go to Silo or Germantown Cafe next time.