First of all, we dined on a Wednesday evening and it was very quiet.  Our server was very nice, so I won't bash her, but the food.....I don't want to be mean, but I will be honest.

I decided on the 1-2 person platter ($24.99) because then you can try a little bit of everything, which included ribs, pulled brisket, pulled pork, tri-tip, smoked chicken, one side (potato salad), and cornbread.  

I asked her to bring the cornbread first because I was starving!  This allowed me to focus only on the cornbread in the meantime and it was interesting.  Super tiny square slice of cornbread, barely shareable for a platter!  Good thing I dined with my gluten free friend who didn't eat any.  I was tasting some ingredient that almost seemed like a mistake in the batter and I couldn't pin point it, but there were chunks of corn which did make the texture enjoyable.  

They were out of the smoked chicken so they replaced it with a grilled chicken breast.  The chicken breast was abnormally huge and cooked pretty well but the rub they used to flavor it was very overpowering, way too many mixed green spices going on that did not go well with the rest of the meat.  I would have preferred the chicken to be plain so I could dip it in a BBQ sauce instead.  Also, the chicken literally took up half the platter plate, which left less room for the other meat.

None of their BBQ sauces intrigued me.  There was a chipotle BBQ sauce, a mystery bottle with a torn off label that was supposedly their spiciest, and another sauce that came out like salsa chunks, wasn't interested so I skipped all of them after trying a little of each.

Ok, the ribs were a joke, nothing like the pictures shown on Yelp.  This may be due to ordering the platter, but they were about the size of my pinky.  There was no meat on them, only fat.  Disappointing. 

Moving on to the pulled brisket, nothing but fatty lard chunks.  It looked like a pile of...we didn't know what it was at first.  There was maybe two fine strips of pulled meat hidden underneath.  I don't know if people enjoy the slimy fatty pieces, but I like chewing on some meat.

The tri-tip was overcooked and way too chewy.  I couldn't even cut it with my fork that kept bending, so I tried to bite it with my teeth and it was like jerky, is this normal?  Very dry.

I think the best part of the platter was the pulled pork, which was in a little tiny bowl in the center.  Not sure if this is because the pork was sitting in a puddle of oil and grease.  It was also more shredded rather than pulled. 

Oh gosh, this sounds mean and I'm sorry, but I have to say the platter deals at BJ's or Famous Dave's is MUCH better.  I was very pleased with the BJ's BBQ platter in Victorian Square.