It's been the third time I've been here. The first time was great but the last two times have been the worst experience I've gotten at any raspado place. 

Told them I only wanted jalapeños on my tostinachos. Once we got our order they had put jaiva on it instead of the jalapeños. The worker told me that they had written down jaiva but like I said I only asked for jalapeños, didn't even know they had jaiva. While they remade it they had gotten someone else's order wrong. The man seemed frustrated and told the manager, who I found out was the manager later on, to "keep it and throw it away". They handed me the new tostinachos and I asked the worker who was the manager because it's been the second time it's happened. She told me it was the woman that had handed me my order the first time which was also the woman that got my order wrong the last time I have gone. I just told thank you and walked back to the table I was at. They also didn't get the escamocha correct. My sister didn't want to tell them that they had gotten it wrong because last time they did get it right. Escamocha has to have lechera and a lot of liquid with fresh fruit and granola. This time they was no lechera and little to no liquid. No granola and the strawberries were frozen. My sister got up and asked if this was supposed to have lechera the girl asked her if she wanted some. She didn't enjoy it as much as she did the first time she got it which was made correctly. 

One of their workers had just gotten off the clock. She ordered a few things to take with her and her order was done in about 10 min. She ordered right after us! 

My sister told me that the manager and the worker I had talked to were talking between themselves and looking at me. When they were done talking she came over with the money for the tostinachos. I over heard them talking that one of them is always getting bad reviews. If I could I would give them no stars at all. They took half an hour to get us our order. Until they change things up for the better I will not be coming back. Please get a better manager and make sure all your orders are done correctly.