Call me the Grinch or rather "The childless Grinch who abhors mass commercialism that occurs at a rampant pace during the holidays."

Linvilla is a torrent of Xmas commercialism gone bad.  Perhaps I would be singing a different tune if I had kids and brought them here for Halloween and the holidays to do what kids do at these things -  like pet animals, or eat caramel apples, go on a hayride or go and cut down the Griswold family Xmas tree.  But I don't, so bah-humbug.

Don't get me wrong, I love the holidays - the whole bit -  trimming the tree, snow, carols, the whole nine yards - I just hate how commercialized it can all get and quick - and Linvilla is feeding into that holiday frenzy, appealing to the kiddies, and getting a mad pay-off for it.  Huge parking area, a bevy of stores with all sorts of trinkets, and tzotchkes, with, almost as an afterthought, some greenery, some sad looking pre-cut trees (at $50- $90 a pop- why not just buy a tree in the city?) and the "go and cut down your own tree' experience (for $60, and you must get on a hayride - which isn't really - to get there and back - the whole thing can take an hour and a half at the very least)- which really isn't as fun or idyllic as it sounds.

I was anticipating the kiddies, yes, I suppose, but I wasn't anticipating that I'd feel like I was shopping at a mall when I decided to go to a place whose name includes "orchards" in it.  There was nothing outdoors-y, intimate or Christmas-esque about the experience or the place at all, save the fact, that it was indeed, located in the outdoors.  It was crowded, kind of a mad-house and I felt like I was being price-gouged left and right.  After assessing the whole scene, I understood that it was to be expected - it's not like Linvilla is out in the country, it's smack dab in between suburbs, and thus resulting in creating Suburban Orchards with a suburban shopping mall feel.

Don't come here for the atmosphere, or to get you in the holiday spirit.  It's probably good for kids, but in the only way it can be good for kids, like Disney.  Xmas trees here are no better nor cheaper than where you would find them elsewhere.