Sorry to do this but my experience at Petros was unforgettably awful. I had reservations for 7:15PM, got there at 7 and were seated! (I'm thinking "awesome!")...well not so much.
1) We were seated wayyyy in the back despite the fact that there was plenty of room in the main room (..and no, those tables were never filled during our visit).
2) After almost half an hour- we were served bread but ONLY because I had to ask the busser (who was very nice BTW).
3) Almost an hour later, I asked the busser where the waiter was- he said Dimitri (the main Server there) first has to tell us the specials...and only HE is allowed to do that (which I thought was odd especially because I felt the busser was competent enough to help us out with at least that)...but apparently that's how they were running the kitchen that night (it was Valentines Night). 
4) Dimitri finally came, introduced himself and told us the specials- we wasted no time in placing our order (as we had already being there for at least  1 hr and half and were almost done with our Champagne bottle which THANK GOD we brought on our own).
5) 35 LONG minutes later- I decided that my spouse and I had waited far too long and we were both STARVING and tired of hard bread- we dropped a few bucks for the "complimentary" bread and began to walk out (at this point it was almost 9PM!)...something I have NEVER done at a restaurant ...BTW by this time we saw 4!!!! tables that came BEFORE us sit, eat, pay, and GO. 
....seconds later, I see the busser and another staff member come out of the kitchen with our food and they looked at us and asks "where are you going, your food is ready!"....
We calmly explained how felt with our experience there so far and decided not to wait any longer- 
It was THEN we became VIP (lol) and Dimitri jumped to get us and apologized from left to right and began to "recover" from the situation. He explained that they were under staffed and the kitchen was backed up....seriously?! He gave us a free Champagne bottle (which we didn't need as we had brought our own) and threw in a free dessert (which we wouldn't have ordered)... nonetheless, we appreciated him trying to recover. 
Unfortunately, the damage had being done and when I think of the negative part of my trip to Santa Barbara, I think of Petros. (...again, sorry guys.) 
....and it left me wandering, was it because they saw it was two gay men having dinner together on Valentines day? Or was it because they saw two Hispanic gay men having dinner together on Valentines night?....I hope not, I hope it truly was a lack of staffing issue....BTW, the food was just ok- NOT worth the two hour wait, that's for sure!