Half assed Asian fusion at full assed prices. 

Menu- For as tiny a menu as they had, I was very much expecting at least good food for a chain restaurant. Food was Asian/American fusion with lots of sweet glazes and promises of spice in some dishes. Dishes were hip and fancy in name only. A fancy facade seemed to be the theme of the evening. More on that later.

Restaurant- It's a PF Chang's, the interior is very nice, but the cheap utensils and low quality alcohol behind the bar betrays the ultra modern decor; this was a premonition of our meal.

Food-Crap. Absolute crap. Over $100 worth of food and half of it had to be sent back. The rest was cold and unseasoned, but the kids ended up eating it because they're kids: Avoid the dumplings. They're bagged and frozen and NOT dumplings. We were served wontons. You can't piss on my head and tell me it's raining. My chicken was dry and coated in a sickly sweet glaze that was advertised as spicy. My wife's bulgolgi steak was overdone and tasted like it was freezer burnt. The texture was tough and grainy. No effort to season any dish beyond the in-the-bag heated sauces was made. As for the ramen...... utter garbage. How many raw cherry tomatoes did they need to ladle in there?? Who puts raw cherry tomatoes in a bowl of ramen????? 

Service- Servers give zero ducks with a few being absent at opening time leaving the rest of the staff hopelessly overburdened. Even when that is the case, don't complain to us about it. Management made no effort to pace the seating so orders stacked up in the kitchen under the heat lamps. We were seated with a good view of the kitchen and cooks were holding plates of food to immediately replace those being sent out by the reduced wait staff. Management made zero efforts to remedy this issue. The theme was push the food out as fast as possible with no regard to the wait staff not keeping up with the cooks. Someone should have had the foresight to remedy this if management wasn't but everyone seemed focused on their job and not how it might affect others. 

Overall- PF Chang's is yet another crumbling monument of the "hip chain" restaurants of the last decade. Cheap food, cheap alcohol and uniform flavor brought in freezer trucks daily. They're a dying establishment and the quality and quantity of the food show it in clear detail.