Thanks for ruining my wife's birthday...

My wife had wanted to go to TopGolf having heard about it from friends that had gone to other ones in other states.  My son thought he would surprise her with us going on her birthday which was this previous Saturday.  He checked their site to see if he had to make a reservation and it seemed to point to that you should.  He tried calling to make sure but basically got a recording to check the site.  The only time available was 9:30 in the morning...a little early since we live about an hour to 90 minutes away (depending on traffic) but no big deal.  He paid the 50 dollar fee thinking this paid for the first hour of golf.  We get there around 9:00 and there are tons of open lanes.  We wonder if a bunch of folks cancelled or are running late.  They get us a lane and we try to start playing and then have to get someone because we do not have a membership card.  We pay another 5 dollars per card to 15 additional dollars for the three of us.  We start shooting balls and having fun but then a lady comes and asks us if we want any drinks handing us the alcohol menu (it is 9:30 in the morning).  We say we are here to just shoot but thanks anyway (she does not act pleased).  She doesn't get the hint because she is back in another 5-10 minutes and now needs a debit card from us.  We ask why and she explains that folks usually keep a running tab.  We mention again that we are not going to drink and we have already paid our money...the original 50 and the additional 15 for the membership cards.  She insists to despite my better judgement let her hold on to our card.  We have a good time playing despite her coming back and asking are you sure you do not want anything to eat or drink many times.  Our time is running out and we decide to quit instead of requesting more time.  We are then charged an additional amount with the grand total coming to over 107 dollars.  My son is just recently graduated so money is precious.  I say there must be a mistake and tell him I will go talk to the folks up front.  I get shuffled finally to a manager who tells me that the original 50 was only to reserve the lane.  She describes it like a fastpass at Disneyland.  I complain that this is not an amusement park but a driving range (a fancy one but still a driving range) and my son tried to verify all this before putting any money down.  She basically shrugs her shoulder.  I paid the remaining amount for my son but the whole experience really ruined what should have been a great present for my wife!!