I take no joy in this review. I was rooting for this place (insert Tyra's Emmy®-worthy rant). It's located in a section of Woodbine that can use more visitor traffic. It's a welcome addition to the Latin food landscape in Nashville (there are only a few Venezuelan restaurants in town and not that many from South America). The people who own it seem to be very nice and I enjoyed interacting with the young lady who took my order. I really wanted this to be special. But, it wasn't. And that makes me sad.

Some background to this review. 1.) Yelp has Recommendation Software which vets the content on site to make it as trustworthy and up to date as possible. This software employs a dynamic algorithm which means that reviews that are here one day might not be here the next (and vice versa). 2.) While no means am I an expert at/in comida Venezuela, I have lived (and eaten) in Chicago and Miami, both cities have significant populations. I also had the best Venezuelan meal of my life in San Francisco. I am not new to the cuisine. Caught up? Bueno.

At the time of my visit, the star rating for the restaurant was much higher. I parked on a side street (parking in front is a non-starter; the road is way too busy and Nashville drivers are way too bad) and made my way inside. It's small but tastefully decorated with 4-5 small tables. In addition to physical menus, they employ digital menus that are really helpful for those new to the food (it has names and pictures). Being a Venezuelan spot, I went with arepas. I ordered two: the reina pepia and the perico. Reina Pepia is chicken & avocado. The preparation varies from chicken salad with avocado mixed in or chicken salad with avocado on top. Perico is egg with tomato and onion (sometimes with peppers and cilantro). I had to wait a good while for my food - which I didn't mind. Fresh food takes time. At $13.65 these arepas weren't cheap but when I got them, the bag felt heavy so I went about my way. When I arrived home, I was disappointed when I dug in. My reina pepia had no avocado. None. It's a key ingredient. I was given a very mayo-heavy chicken salad sandwich. I happen to enjoy chicken salad (granted, I prefer drier preparations) but I didn't order a chicken salad sandwich. I ordered an avocado chicken salad sandwich. I will admit, though, the arepa was large (and for $7.50 it should be). Where I went into Tyra-mode was with the perico. No tomatoes. No onions. No peppers. No cilantro (or seasoning). Hot dogs. I was served an arepa with scrambled eggs and chopped-up hot dogs. 

Through. I was done. I was rooting for them. I really was.