Burger cold? Check!
Burger pre-cooked and put in a warming drawer for a long, long time? Check!
Minimal amount of wilted shredded lettuce? Check!
Paper thin under-ripe end piece of a tomato with zero flavor? Check!
Onions? Check! - What? Well check again. 
Forgot the onion? Check!
Order wrong? Check!
Overpriced ($3) 10.6 oz. milkshake? Check!
Checkers? Check!

I have been here once since it opened and that was just for fries. Well this time I had gotten Five Guys fries and had intended on getting two delicious double cheeseburgers from Karin's Custard. The burgers at Five Guys are OK, but for the money Karin's is the way to go. Well - they were closed. I panicked! Where do I go? What do I do? The delicious fresh cooked Five Guys fries were getting soggier by the minute! I considered eating them before they did, but I would have to face the music when I got home. It happened the last time I brought home ¼ of a Ziggy's pizza because it was a 20 minute drive home from Gladeville. It was the middle of summer so that "surviving on the side of the interstate in a freezing blizzard" would not pass as a viable excuse.

Should I go to Burger King out by the interstate? The fries would not survive it. Should I go to Fat Mo's? It wasn't on the way either. How about Sonic? I am so stressed at this point heading toward home at a loss of what to do. I was so confused that I pulled up to the drive-thru at Jack in the Box for ten minutes wondering why no one was waiting on me before I remembered they had closed a few years ago! I head toward Nissan Blvd. when I see it! Of course! Checkers! Well, it was Sunday afternoon, but God sure wasn't my co-pilot this trip. There was one car ahead of me - so I did it for the sake of the fries. I order the 2 for $5 double cheeseburgers - what I had intended to get at Karin's - and two small (tiny) chocolate milkshakes. "Could I get one of those with no mustard please (burgers, not shakes)?" I yelled. "Did you say no onions?" "NO! NO MUSTARD ON ONE OF THEM!" The lady in the car behind me asked that I stop yelling - I was scaring her kids. I pull up and get my order almost immediately - that could go one of two ways - great or not so great. From the tone of my review I surmise you know now which way my experience went. First they handed me a sack - said thank you and closed the window. Tap - tap - tap. "Uh - excuse me - my milkshakes?" He hands me two of those 3 oz. Dixie Bathroom Cups - OK, I'm exaggerating a little - OK, a lot, but they were less than 12 ounces for three bucks.

To make a long story longer - I got home and of course they both had mustard and neither one had onion. Again I am talking about the burgers, not the milkshakes, but you probably figured that out on your own. I will complain to corporate because I REALLY don't think the personnel working that day had an inkling of what customer service was and I was already stressed enough...