I'm not a hard person to please by any means. It takes a lot to turn me off from a restaurant. I have worked in restaurants before so I understand what goes on and I get that the whole experience can't weigh on just the server alone. It's the whole team from host to server to management and obviously the kitchen.  My boyfriend and I walk in on a Saturday night at 7:30 coming in after the rush. (keep in mind  It was very slow and only picked up after we got our entrees) Neither host say a word upon walking in and there wasn't anyone else waiting, so I step closer to the podium and say two please. One finally makes eye contact and long pauses before saying booth or table. I say booth and she starts walking without saying anything and waved her hand for us to follow and takes us to a dirty booth. She wipes it down right in front of us leaving crumbs on the table. Okay rude whatever I'll brush it off the server and food will make up right? I have had friends recommend this place many times so I had to try it out! SADLY WRONG. The server got our drinks and then took forever to get out app/ entree order nearly 15 min. (During this time the "manager" is walking around on her phone and paying attention to one table that she knows bc she made it very public hugging and talking back and fourth not checking in other tables) We wait another 15 min and a food runner brings out our entree and we hadn't even received our appetizer yet. We take our plates and he apologizes and grabs the appetizer and brings it out. My boyfriend was missing stuff on his sandwich and there was no ketchup on the table. So we wait for our server to come and check on us to see if our food is good and she is nowhere to be found. We wait another 5 min and she pops around and we get condiments and missing items. (She is completely unaware that they came at the same-time or she chose not to apologize+we still pay for them)  then we never see her again untill she brings check and then asks if we want a refill,  yeah I needed one 5 min ago not now when we are about to be walking out the door.  Literally the whole time there were servers walking around the server station and would walk by but never make eye contact and check on us. When you go to a good restaurant your suppose to have a strong team who can read tables,  and look at the tickets before running food and checking to see if an app was ran out before the entree. I'm sorry this was a big FAIL all around I really didn't want it to go like this bc I was hoping this could be a fun go to spot as it's on my way home from work and I love a cold drink and yummy food. It has two stars instead of one bc the food was alright.