I ate at the restaurant when it first opened years ago.  It was what it was, a diner -Mediocre food and okay service.  I hadn't been there in 10 or more years, and had the occasion to return on this morning.  This is the dirtiest eatery I have every seen.  Roaches and mice infestation, are obvious.  The waitress showed my husband and I to a booth in the far back, right before the kitchen exit.  On the floor was a scrambled eggs smashed into the dirty flooring.  How do you show a customer to seating where they must step through food garbage on the floor?  She immediately stated that she would get that up, as she noted me staring at it.  My husband and I was forced to chose to sit on the same side of the booth, as there was jelly smeared on the bench seating on the other side.  I guess it is normal for customers to sit on one side of the table, as no one inquired why we did so. The remainder of the floor under the table had multiple pieces of silverware and crusts of toasted bread.  The menu had "crayon" scribble throughout, and the laminated card on the table with drinks had food splashed and smeared all over it.  There was food on the walls, and in the folds of the metal workings of the walls and the bench seating.  The holder for the jellies had only orange and apple jellies on one side with the other side minus, the grape and strawberry jellies, but plenty of old straw wrappers from previous customers.  Oh!  I would be admiss if failed to mention the disgusting red plastic cups they expect one to drink from. They have some sort of residue on the outer rim, which was easily wiped away with a napkin.  Again, disgusting.  I will never, I REPEAT, never eat from this "TRASH CAN" ever again.  I found myself looking around like why are these people here?  Why are they eating this garbage?  Why are they paying good money for this garbage.  I failed to eat anything on my plate.  My stomach was turning and flipping.  It was like I could see the salmonella, botulism, and other food borne bacteria everywhere.  Never Again!