Do not come here. Go to Little Korea instead. Food is better, service is better, customer treatment is better. 

BANCHAN: 2/5
Problem with their banchan is that the selection does not vary well enough. Yes, the actual ingredients are different, but if 5 of 6 side dishes are all spicy and taste the same and only differ by whether or not they crunch, then you have a problem. The lack of flavors and textures was disappointing and an insult to Korean food and culture.

BBQ&MEAT: 2/5
So far, of all the BBQ meat I've had, the galbi is fine. A tad sweet, but in the acceptable range. Do not get bulgogi (beef) or daejibulgogi (pork) of any sort. The seasoning is just WAY off. Unlike the expected taste and seasoning that I have grown to expect in Korean cuisine, instead all I got was candy coated meat. Whoever prepared the seasoning and marinade seems to consistently knock over 2lbs worth of pure sugar into the soy-sauce/red pepper sauce, making the meat inedibly sweet.

*** SERVICE: -(10e10000)/5 ***

The first time I came to Korea House was the first problem. I gave them the benefit of the doubt and returned two more times, the third time being my last. What sets this all off is the fact that the owner is a straight up jerk. I have seen her interact with customers in a way that would even make Donald Trump shy away and cringe. When she serves food (which hardly ever happens, but that's not the point here) she literally THROWS the banchan or plates onto the table. As if she was too good to be like her wait staff and actually interact with customers. The faux plastic-ceramic rattles and jumps across the table as she does this, splattering people with specks of sauce and seasoning, if they are even worthy of being called that.

Being a seasoned traveler and diner, I know how to let others know when I am dissatisfied. However, I almost never try to actually speak with a restaurant owner in person; normally I'd like to just deal with the wait staff to resolve my issue. However, on my third and final try at Korea House, I had to just let the owner know how disappointed I was the service. 

1) We corrected our wait staff on the incorrect order that we were given. However, for some awkward and strange reason, we were served by two wait staff, who both did not feel responsible for our table when we alerted them. Our correct order was never given and when we informed them of our problem, they did not feel like it was worth solving and merely said "Okay" and walked off.

2) When I brought this up to our wait staff person(nel) they both were unsure of what we were talking about. In the time we were waiting for our order to be replaced (~20 min and not seeing the staff around at all) we just made the decision to cook our incorrect order (on BBQ) out of hunger. Now, I had no problem paying for what we cooked and ate, but I had a problem with why our situation was not resolved and why the owner was not apologetic at all. As if she just did not care about how we were being treated. When we were telling her our complaints she passively accepted them telling me "I'm Korean, you're Korean, we both know what's going on here" patting me on the back like a child and insinuating that I was being racist to the Caucasian staff there. I was in no way being racist but was simply appalled at the lack of service. Her statement, attitude, and general disinterest in the fact that we as customers were leaving dissatisfied incensed me to the point that I wanted to leave without paying.

Her restaurant would not survive a single day without the patronage of those inexperienced in Korean cuisine. STAY AWAY.