This was by far the worst dinner service we have had in a very long time. It took our waiter over thirty minutes just to get our drink orders. Now, I understand that it was a busy Saturday night but it was another 30 minutes before our dinner order was taken. 15 minutes after our dinner order was taken two loaves of hot French bread( very tasty ) were delivered to our table of 7. We had to ask for bread plates..which arrived substantially later. Ok...so it's been about one and a half hours since we have been seated...the two tiny loaves of bread are long since gone and our waiter promised more...which eventually showed up ...and we finally get our appetizers: soup or salad. My tomato basil soup was a bit heavy but the ceaser salad ( of which I shared from my date) was very good. We finish our appetizer course and begin waiting for our entrees...and waiting...and waiting...and finally forty minutes after we finished our salad, we get our entrees. My two sister in laws ordered their steaks medium and medium well respectively...they both had to be sent back because they were way too bloody.  My steak on the other hand was supposed to be medium rare and was not pink at all in the middle. It's a steak restaurant for goodness sake...and they can't cook their steaks made to order? I should have sent mine back, but no one bothered to ask me how my meal was or why my whole steak was still sitting on my plate...I was only asked by another waitress, one that was not my regular waiter, if I wanted to wrap it up to take home? The only reason I gave two stars instead of one is because the lobster tail that came with my 6 oz filet was delicious as was the Ceaser salad that I absconded from  my date. Lastly, when dessert came and a few of us ordered coffee...we got our cups and we waited . The waiter came around and filled everybody's cup, with the exception of my mother in laws . I guess the waiter ran out of coffee and forgot to bring hers...insert big sigh here. The whole dinner service was a complete disaster...dinner took over 3 hours and the bill was very high for a meal that I did not eat hardly any of my first course...the soup ...or the main part of my entree...the steak. It will be a long time before I go back there...and only if somebody else is buying because I won't waste my money.