Food is delicious but TERRIBLE customer service and for that i give them 1 stars. Three different occasions the waiters, owner and lady (whoever she is) speak to you in the way where you're just annoying them. 

The first time I walked in the restaurant during the day to check if they would be able to host my boyfriends graduation brunch for about 20 people. It was empty except for one couple eating. The waiter gave me a menu showed me the place where we would most likely sit and then hurried me out. But i didnt think anything of it; I probably have to speak to someone else to book an event like that there. So a few days later I called the restaurant to book it and place the prefix menu and the owner answers and I ask questions right because at that time I had an estimate number of guests and not a firm number and questions about the menu. Well he sounded annoyed. Again I looked it over because i said maybe the restaurant was busy and he was in a rush. 

The day finally comes and my party arrives. The two waiters were rude to two different family members. One had to leave early for something that came up so she asked for her food to go and the old waiter was grumpy as hell and gave her the look like oh well. So we had to ask the other young waiter and he happily did it for us. The other incident was with My boyfriends niece and she has a strict diet. She is gluten free and vegan.  Now my bad for not asking everyone about their diet restrictions but the restaurant is known for accommodating to such things. But the young waiter told her NO with such a nasty attitude that she walked out upset and didn't eat but guess who still had to pay because its per person. 


That was before the pandemic. Well during the pandemic, we tried to order food to go here twice and just always so rude. 

So i recommend not eating here. They can take their food and shove it up their ass. Customer service is part of the branding and if you can't provide it get out of the business or sell your sh1t in a food truck bunch of pricks!