I was so excited to go to sushi tonight, after an amazing day and craving a good sushi night out for so long, we decided to go to here. worst idea iv had in months. it started out with an unsatisfactory menu. the crab listed in the sushi rolls was listed as imitation.. what kind of sushi place has imitation ANYTHING? so we stuck to ordering rolls with real fish. deciding on only two because the prices were a little bit expensive for the special rolls (which the menu did not differentiate between. it listed special rolls and regular rolls on the same list which is very confusing considering the drastic price difference in them that could most definitely be a deciding factor of ordering for some people; especially living in a college town when college students think obsessively about price when ordering). so we ordered two rolls, the top roll and the dragon roll, but thought that this might not be enough food for us so we added the 2 piece yellow tail. when our rolls arrived at the table, we were mortified at the sight of the ginger on the plate. I thought it looked like pink play doh. my friend thought it was maybe dry because it was later in the night and maybe they had let it sit out all day. either way, it was the most strange, unappetizing, ginger i have ever seen. so we moved onto the rolls. they were not satisfactory at all, but it wasn't the worst thing i had ever tasted, we were both hungry after a long day and continued to eat. it only got worse as we started to feel like we were forcing the food down, and more often than not, i was pulling hard prices of i don't even know what out of the fish i was eating, some of it felt like hard prices of shell and other pieces felt like bone, both disgusting none the less. so after finishing most of the meal but not all of it, we had to stop. the fish felt disgusting in our stomachs and we both agreed to bring it up to the manager, so when the server came by again asking if we wanted our check, i politely broke the news that the food was not of good quality or flavor, it was difficult to eat and we would greatly appreciate a discount for the meal. he came back to tell us that due to the fact we ate most of the meal anyway, a discount was not approved by the manager. I was not happy, and in a rush to just get out of there we paid our bill and left; later wishing we had asked to speak to the manager directly. A restaurant that does not take into consideration their customers satisfaction or opinion is in my view foolish. you will not succeed. and if you want to succeed in a fun night out for sushi, like i had originally wanted for my night, do not come here.