I really did not want to leave this review as my wife and I really enjoyed the food at this place. The kitchen staff clearly does a great job as the meals were excellent. 
However, as soon as we sat down the waitress proceeded to pull her mask down to cough heavily in the direction of other patrons, followed immediately by losing her voice, while asking what we'd like to drink. I would have chalked this up to her just having something stuck in her throat (I get it, we're all paranoid right now) but she was clearly not well and definitely shouldn't have been working as she spent the rest of the time attempting to cover her cough and raspy voice, while pulling her mask down or not wearing it properly. Again, I get it, covid is a problem that's not going away just because we wear masks properly. I wouldn't have left the review just for that alone. However, later on into the meal, my wife ordered a second drink which arrived in a very clearly broken glass. So broken in fact that it was actively dripping from the 2 inch crack in the side. This crack wasn't just internal or a chip in the rim but actually had a legitimate sharp edge that could have easily cut my wife's mouth. Since the waitress wasn't checking regularly on us and my wife wanted to drink the beer (plus, we're not ones to cause a scene or give servers a hard time) I poured the beer into her old glass and left the broken one to the side. When she returned a while later we pointed it out to her to which she apathetically replied "oh thanks, I'll just throw it out. Thanks for telling me". Yeah, ok, no problem. I understand she was sick and probably tired, but realistically if a less observant person had brought that glass up to their mouth they would have needed stitches. A lack of care pouring the beer could have been chalked up to a dimly lit bar area, but brushing it off when someone points it out is unacceptable. It clearly explains her lack of regard for mask protocols or patrons wellbeing to boot. 
All in all I'm sad because we won't be returning due to this experience, because again the food was truly excellent, but I don't trust the wait staff to pay even a remote amount of attention to their customers.