I love Steak 'n Shake! I would frequent this location on Fridays when I was in college to reward myself after a week of hard work.

I have not eaten inside this particular location in quite some time. I was once given a gift card, either as a Christmas or Birthday present. One day, I stopped in because I needed to put more money on the card. I liked having it as I didn't always need to carry cash on me (and I did not have a credit card at the time). I kept my receipt from the transaction, and noticed the card wasn't reloaded properly.

To confirm that the card wasn't reloaded properly, I checked the "Steak 'n Shake Gift Card Website." I don't know if this website is still active, but at the time (late 2004 or sometime in 2005), you could log-on with your gift card number/PIN and check your balance, and see all of the activity on your card. Pretty cool, IMO.

So, after carefully checking all of the account activity and double-checking my receipt, I knew the money I had paid wasn't credited to my gift card. So, I printed the activity log to take with me to the restaurant, along with my receipt, and obviously, gift card.

Armed with my proof, I stopped in to the restaurant and spoke with the manager. He was an older gentleman, with white hair and very tall. He was VERY rude, accused me of lying, and would not help me. Deal-breaker! I love SNS, but will NOT be accused of lying and/or be treated rudely and unfairly.

My last time inside this restaurant was to seek help from a different employee. I can't remember if I contacted corporate office or the restaurant itself. In the end, I got every penny I had paid...and was not given grief by this other employee.

I have driven through the drive-thru a handful of times since then, but have not been back inside. I doubt this rude manager is still working. I'm inclined to stop in and give them another chance, even if it's nearly 10 years later.

Managers need to remember their customer service...and not forget about websites like Yelp!