I visited Calafuria for my first time on Friday night, and what began as an casual dining experience would turn into a disappointing affair a few hours later.

We had reservations for 6:30pm, and upon arrival our party of four were promptly seated at a table for four near the window. Tables and bench seating were made of bright/blond woods, and comfortable for short visits. The atmosphere was quiet when we arrived, but by 7pm the place would be loud and packed with people. I suggest that diners reserve early, and arrive early.

Our table experienced three servers/hostesses that evening, but unfortunately nobody introduced themselves so I cannot report who was attentive and who wasn't. On Friday and Saturday nights, Calafuria offers a four-course fixed dinner menu for $39/person. We placed drink orders along with our main/side dish selections.

Within ten minutes we received assorted breads, along with prosciutto charcuterie, cheese, pickled vegetables, and salad. Everybody was pleased with the variety, and content with the portions. Approximately fifteen minutes after we finished the starters and plates were cleared away, our side course arrived. I had chicken ravioli, while others had something different. Portions were small, but not too small. Dishes were cleared, and we contently engaged in conversation...

...a very long conversation. This kept on, until we noticed it had been more than 45 minutes since the dishes were cleared and we still hadn't received our main course. Our table had received a fresh bottle of water during that time, but it required a visit to check on our meals. Fifteen minutes later all four plates come out, and I must say, they arrived with disappointment.

It was nearly 9pm by this point, so we our appetites were ready for more. I had the brazed beef, which came with diced beets and wrapped in what appeared to be a corn husk. Overall, it was tasty, but was nothing special. Others had the duck, which appeared under-cooked (fat not crisped, all meat still very red). The portions were small, and we were all finished with the main course in less than ten minutes.

Dessert followed soon after, as small bowls of bread pudding arrived. It was a taster's dessert, as the entire contents could be consumed within 2-3 spoons. Delicious and sweet, but really left you craving for more.

In conclusion, Calafuria has a flair for exquisite food presentation, but extremely long waits for the main meal indicate a lack of rhythm for delivery. Portions were below average size -especially for the price, so while we all left slightly hungry after a three-hour ordeal. I imagine we would be fine if the entire visit were confined to half that time, but our companions said they waited on their last visit as well. Despite of it's obvious potential, this visit left a less than pleasing first impression.