Wow! Sometimes a place needs to realize that it's patrons are not just going to dine to put food into their bodies. The actual ambiance and overall experience had more to do with their decision than the food. A resident of the neighborhood and as an avid restaurant goer I was really keen to try out Llama Tooth. With the Summer beginning, they had attracted a decent crowd for an early Friday evening, different than I had seen every other day that I have passed there. When I arrived, I was greeted and told to seat myself "at the table all the way in the back", outside. On my way to my seat, I walked past not one, not two, but three empty four-tops, and sat myself at the last set table of the patio area and began to enjoy the ambiance of the outdoor environment. To my surprise, when the waiter came to my table, after five minutes of waiting without a drink, menus, etc., rather than offering us menus, a drink, anything for that matter, we were told "no", I am sorry, we want you to sit at that table", as he gestured to a table that was situated all alone at least ten feet away from every single other table in the resturant area, behind the bar, next to the garbage, waiters' bicycles and propane tanks. This table was also not set with silverware, napkins or anything, and as a twenty year veteran in the hospitality industry, it looked to me like the staff table where individuals may count their tip money, have a quick pre or post shift meal, etc. The waiter asked us to move to the other table. When I apologized for sitting at the set table and inquired as to whether the table was reserved for another party, he replied, "no, it's just that if anyone else comes in here tonight with more people, we want to save the four tops for them only". 

The waiter said he would be right back and would grab us some menus. Over the course of the next ten minutes, the waiter walked past us more than once, had a discussion with a female server about us and our choice to be seated in one of the numerous empty seats in the restaurant while making us feel incredibly unwelcomed, unwanted and rethinking our choice to try patronize this new business instead of the numerous alternatives in the neighborhood. 

Unfortunately, we never received menus or ever spoke to anyone after that. Following another ten minutes of waiting, we left. We were happy to cross the street to a tried and tested favorite, Prohibition, where we have never experienced anything but excellent food and service. 

In order for Llama Tooth to continue to build your business, remember that you are there to serve your customers and to create an environment where people want to come back. We came out this evening, looking for a comfortable place to eat and drink for an hour and enjoy the atmosphere that you are trying to create and I would not have experienced that sitting hidden in the corner at the back of your patio, away from everyone except your waiters bikes. I highly suggest you hire an experienced host or hostess in order for others to not experience the mess that we sure did tonight or at least learn that even offering a wait for a table is more appropriate than asking guests to move, for absolutely no valid reason.