Disclaimer: I've been mulling over how to put my review into words, so much so that I've allowed this to marinate for over 48 hours as to not come across harsh as I know the challenges small businesses have, especially during COVID. However, we've dined at several restaurants throughout the city that have not lost their ability to provide basic customer service even during this difficult time. Below is my most concise set of thoughts about my experience at Blood & Sand. 

I don't believe that I've ever been so disappointed in a dining experience. For a restaurant that touts that they are, ".... deeply committed to providing unparalleled service and an extraordinary dining experience." that is the exact opposite of what we experienced on Saturday evening. For starters, I had requested a champagne or prosecco toast prior to the start of our meal. It was completely flat (no wonder our waiter insisted we upgrade to the gold label for an additional $10 - which we declined). It took a solid 15 minutes for our server to come to us after providing the toast - at this time we gave our selections for the tasting menu and ordered the subsequent wine pairings. The entire experience from here on, is where my disappointment resides. 
If you've gone to a tasting menu at any other establishment, you're typically greeted by the sommelier prior to each dishes arrival. This was not the case at Blood & Sand. We were simply handed our wine pairing sometimes before, sometimes at the same time as the food and sometimes 7 minutes after our food had arrived. Nothing was noteworthy, not one visit from the sommelier and really disappointing considering the touted prestige of their wine collection (note: on a previous visit we were guffawed at our request to stay at $50 for a bottle of wine). The amuse bouche was an oyster with Spanish-chorizo and while it was good, I've never seen a kitchen need to rely on the addition of another meat to make it shine. The same goes for the scallop that followed shortly after, it was bland and uneventful. The Dungeness crab bisque was easily the best bite of the evening. The lamb, as well as the beef and brussels were cooked well but left us wanting. While some of the food was decently prepared, the service absolutely destroyed any ability for our night to be salvaged. Our waiter went so far as to be the liveliest when inviting us back to another vent they are hosting later this month, yet ignored our obvious disdain for the evening and service. 

When your patrons are willing to dine at such a lofty expense compared to other tasting menus in the city, there is a certain expectation that needs to be met. When a tasting menu and wine pairing cannot be executed correctly, I'd consider going back to a la carte entree's with your fabulous cocktail program only as to hopefully avoid disasters such as this past weekend.